Process Introduction 01 Overview of Manage maintenance strategy and plan process 02 Introduction to the Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Contents 2 03 Introduction to the IT System for Raintenance Strategy and Plan Management 04 Enterprise Customer Support Service SFP Management Process Huawei Confidential fake a warning and Be vigilant in times of peace, Ensure the stability of the red-Line maintenance tean and proactively prevent and mitigate network risks, ensure the customer network stable Huawei provides network facilities and solutions around the world. Under all conditions, even the most extreme conditions, utmost to ensure stable of network. This is a moral responsibility, which goes far beyond commercial responsibility. In addition, we regard cyber security as one of our core strategies. We will unswervingly adhere to our commitment and continue to work with all stakeholders to build an end-to-end network assurance system. Huawel Sustainable Development Strategy Ensuring stable of network is Huawei's obligation and social responsibility. It is also the basis for the onditions, we must do our orderly, stable, healthy, and sustainable development of Huawel's business. In 2024, we have determined the basic allocation of more than 3,500 redline maintenance positions. In 2025, all regions must ensure the basic allocation of the maintenance team, ensure the quantity and quality of redline maintenance personnel, and continuously carry out risk elimination actions. Especially digital certificate update, urgent EOS management, lithium battery risks, etc., to eliminate the risk of major and severe accidents. [Winning with Quality, Providing High Quality Services to Customers, Collaborating with Products to Support the Market Landscape, and Striving for Growth in Installed Base Operation Speech by Li Peng at the GTS Global Work Conference in 2025] ICT networks are increasingly involved in production and services are becoming more complex. As a result, accidents are increasing and the radias of a single accident is increasing. Therefore, it is urgent to strengthen maintenance Investment and proactively prevent and mitigate network risks. Affected Users (millions) Nationwide Scope 540 20 10 5 3 hours Orange Spain cyberattack 1 hour Canada Rogers Major Incidents in the Industry in 2024 12 hours hours Carrier A Network wide services 15 hours 1 Mobile USA Network wide services & hours Egypt VOF 46 service AfST Carrier Data leak Weeks, West Africa submarine optical cable 7 hours Verizon Wireless service Data sourced from public media information Global windows Blue Screen 1 hour Ali, Ari Alipay fault 2 hours Google Search service Interruption 18 hours AT&T Mireless service fault 18 hours Vodafone Australia Calind Interrupt 2 hours Telstra Australia Fixed network SIR ther data leakage 1 hour Shanghai Telecom Broadband fault 2 hours KIN VOLTE service faults 4 hours Fire in Ali Openal dantis e II hours Microsoft Micrasatt 165 Fault 5 hours Equipment Room, Singapore 14 hours Denmark TDC Network wide services & hours Belgium telenet Network wide services 5 hours South Kor May June July August September October November December Fallure Date System reliability Equipment fault Customer environment Mobile network operation Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 4 Key maintenance actions Korea Home Router 1 hour AT&T Mireless fault 2 hours Verizon fixed network January 3 February March April "survival" in the i major actions and "live well" in the 4 major actions Industry operating fetwork risk mitigation Network change management Troubleshooting and Emergency Recovery Platform Application Business operating fool Implementation Process Compliance and Business Internal Control Inventory data management 1234568 Identification: Network Health evaluation/enterprise network insight Mitigation: Urgent 105/digital certificate/lith battery/product rectification... Contingency plan drill remote access/switchover test/data backup Operational Qualifications/Mileage Credits Change management in pipeline/Operation solution Audit/High-risk command Interception/Operation dotting Service comparison/Operation log inspection/Bollback backtracking Issue management and management escalation Emergency recovery and accident notification Spare parts plaming, inventary, ent delivery Partner maintenance consistency Late/iCare (ITR) NetLace(50 7.15) Sma renew ince actions of the rep office platform lietLate Edge Carriers: Implement the 3.58 solution package, identify/Incubate opportunities, and optimize the maintenance mode. Enterprise BG: Fixed target projects in the NA market, Incentives for channel partiesto new warranty in the commercial market, and ARARR Cost management: Times, rectification calculation, spare parts return, etc. 7 Organization & atmosphere Stable maintenance team Creating a Safe Network Environ Collaborat Internal customers partners SPOC mechanise Manage Maintenance Strategy and plan process view 7.15.1 Manage maintenance strategy and plan mainly includes the 14 processes: Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process and Maintenance redline fixed position, enterprise maintenance project based Customer communication and presentation 10 11 9 12 Regular meetings, talks, experience center visits, and Three Clouds Managers talk about safety, Enterprise Customer Support Service SIP Management Process 7.15 Support & Assurance 13 service capability (7) 14 Business Service 14 Service Process 5 7.15 Root Directory 7.15.1 Manage maintenance strategy and plan Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Enterprise Customer Support Service STP Management Process, 7.15.2 Managing Equipment Health Check 7.15.3 Manage Contingency Planning and Orilling 7.15.4 Manage Network Risk Mitigation 7.15.5 Manage Network Changes 7.15.5 Manage Maintenance Value Presentation 7.15.7 Manage Installed Base Data Huawel Confidential 01 Overview of Manage maintenance strategy and plan process 02 Introduction to the Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Contents 6 61 Introduction to the IT System for Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management 04 Enterprise Customer Support Service SFP Management. Process Huawel Confidential Maintenance Strategy and Plan Managment Purpose: To update the customer network level, implement the configuration of maintenance redline positions, determine the maintenance scope, and develop the proactive maintenance plan to mitigate network risks, (III the maintenance value, and ensure the stability of the customer's network, Overview This process describes how to determine the netsork thork level, maintenance redline positions, and persavel based on the customer seturs, and customize the maintenance scope and proactive maintenance plan for the customer interface. 7 Huawei Confidential Maintain Strategy and Plan Management Process Update the customer network Level (1/5) Update the customer netwerk hierarchy Determine maintenance redline positions Determine maintenance scope Determine maintenance tran Develop Froactive maintenance plan Key Tasks (Enterprise) Smart ORA Neikinow (Partner)/Mellat Inventory management system 15/5 CROP/CROP Inventory Post Warranty Customer side maintenance extension Process Customer Network List Note Annual Review and Changes Network Hierarchy Revie Update the customer network hierarchy Annual review The 10 Initiates the network level review. The maintenance owner of the representative office outputs the draft of the customer network level list bared List of customer re levels on the network level classification standards released in the annual document Network level review: Regions and HQ Industry lines review, hetwork level change: If the network l network level changes after the annual revite, the maintenance owner of the rep office shall submit the change to the region and industry line for review. Regions should pay attention to the update plan of Premier, Strategic, Core M and whitelist customers during enterprisesetent hierarchy. In principle, Premier, Strategic, Core A and whitelist customers should be incorporated into the three layer network management, Serlous review of the new development and exit of corporate level networks, with sufficient reasons. Pay special attention to whether Huawel equipment has entered the core production production network and whether It carries the national economy and people's livelihood business. 8 Huawei Confidential Enterprise Network Hierarchical Standard (Release of Enterprise Network Hierarchical Standard Update and Maintenance Strategy V1.0 in 2025) links Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Determine Maintenance Redline Positions (2) plate the network Merarchy Determine maintenance redline positions Determine maintenance scope Determine maintenance team Develop Proactive maintenance plan Determine maintenance redline positions Carriers froject level Confirtim Principles Enterprise List of customer network levels Configuration Principles List of focused Countries Oversea Note: Determine maintenance redline positions based used on on the redline Kry Tasks (Carrior and Enterprises) Redline maintenance positions Review the redline maintenance position Recorded into the IT system maintenance position management regulations and relevant rules List of Operator Maintenance Redline Positions (U 1L/TE, spare parts engineer) List of Enterprise Maintenance Redline Positions (Regional enterprise maintenance owner, office enterprise maintenance ner, maintenance ID, and enterprise to tentact person Carrier maintenance redline configuration: The rep office sorts out the networks maintained by carriers and associated projects, outputs the list of personnel for the maintanance redline based on the configuratiom wdal, and enters list into the system after the list is approved. Enterprise maintenance redline configuration Based on the corporate level key network list and reglinal/rep office level maintenance network list determined by the enterprise, the representative office outputs the list of enterprise maintenance redline personnel and enterprise network maintenance contact persons based on the document configuratlim model, and enters the list inte tertion after the list is approved. Maintenance redline positions must be taken into consideration during the annual hulgeting of rep offices. Configuration principle: Regulations on ICT Maintenance Redline Position Mana Management of ICT Maintenance Redline Positions Detall ce Redline Positions (Provisional) links Huawei Confidential Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Regulations on Radline Position Managment Decem ensuring the stability of carrier and government and enterprise customer network, guide regions to properly allocate allocate maintenance redline positions, and support long term and effective CarLive Pition in Cal 20/156 203.117 characters 80%

Www

ASUS Vivobook

FR

1035 AM

401/2006Controlenterprise caintenance, maintenance ID; Regional/Representative Office Enterprise Maintenance Owners Determine the Headcount Configuration Scenario Labor Requirements Competency Requirements 18 Carrier networks where redline maintenance positions must be configured. "Post Warranty warranty revenue $700,000/year Post Warranty revenue Region, overseas focus countries/regions, corporate level key networks, and regional/rep office-level networks (including national economy and people's livelihood networks) SPM/Maintenance TD: Huawei employees a Carrier TL/TE $100,000/year Note: Exclude Tower vendors (such as China Tower) Regions, rep offices in the China Level C/D projects 21 Product TL/TE CAQ Level 2 Spare parts engineer (80: Level 2 Regional/Representative office enterprise maintenance owner. Level 3 a Enterprise maintenance ID (corporate level key key network): Hult the esployees Non-staff workers & Spare parts in overseas representative offices: at least one huawei employee Regional/Representative enterprise maintenance owner: Huawei employees a SPM & maintenance TD CAO Level A pro certificate of CAO level 3 or higher. Huawel Confidential Cases about ICT Maintenance Redline Positions Position configuration mismatch the requirements. The SPM/maintenance To project appointment was not complete the employment type mismatch the requirement Carrier SPMs and maintenance TDs are leased/outsourced personnel, The enterprise redline positions are leased/outsourced employees the capability mismatch requirement Carrier SP maintenance TD, and TL/TE capabilities mismatch the requirements. Benterprise mair regional/rep office maintenance owners mismatch the requirements, ospare parts engineers do not meet the requirements. 11 Maintenance Investment Issues Carriers: no maintenance work onders, such as RFC, SR, health check etc. prise maintenance TDs and regional/re Enterprise: maintenance working hours less than Set Consistency between staffing and operating system According to the process, maintenance change requests must be approved by the SPM/maintenance TD. Huawel Confidential Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Determine the Maintenance the Maintenance Scope (3/5) Update the customer network hierarchy Determine the maintenance scope Carrier Contract Handshake Document Proactive Maintenance Policy Enterprise maintenance redline positions Determine maintenance scope Determine maintenance team Develop Proactive maintenance plan Determine the Proactive Maintenance Policy Enterprise Marranty SIP Enterprise Post Warranty SIP Key Tasks (Carrier and Enterprise) Contract interpretation Customizing a Maintenance Policy Determine the Scope of Paintenance Enterprise Carriers Enterprise maintenance policy document: links 12. The carrier determines the maintenance scope. The rep office records the contract scope in the IT system Proactive Maintenance scope Spare parts service scope Service scope for technical problem handling (NetCare) based on the contract handshake documents to support the iCare authentication, Customize maintenance policies based on the 10 maintenance policies/clearance actions and the actual network conditiom of the representative office, Determine the maintenance scope according the maintenance policies. The entert The enterprise network determines the maintenance scope: The representative office customizes the enterprise network maintenance policy based on the HQ maintenance policy document/cleanance action and the actual network situation of the representative office, and determines the network maintenance scope based on the maintenance policy. Havel Confidential Maintena Strategy and Plan Management Process Determine the maintenance team (4/5) Update the customer network hierarchy Determine maintenance redline positions Determine maintenance scope Determine maintenance team Develop Proactive maintenance plan Key tasks (carrier and enterprise) Maintain redline positions. Proactive maintenance scope, Technical problem handling service scope; Spare parts service scope Note: Establish a maintenance team Released Project appointment Recording in 11 System sthe carrier maintenance SPM and TD are appointed by the delivery project team, sthe configured maintenance redline personnel must be engaged in the actual maintenance Regulations on ICT Redline Maintenance Position Management: links Detailed Rules on ICT Maintenance Redline Position Management (Provisional) Links 13 Determine the maintenance team Set up a maintenance team: Set op a maintenance team hased on the maintenance scope and confirm the members of the maintenance team. Project appointment Maintenance redline personnel Release project appointment: The carrier requires that the project appointment of the maintenance personnel be released in 15DP, Project appointment of maintenance personnel is released in e150P for projects that have been developed by the enterprise. enterprise Maintenance redline personnel: Record maintenance redline personnel in the IT system (NetCare). Note: Maintenance tran redline personnel Non-redline personnel Huawel Confidential Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management: Process Develop Proactive Raintenance Plan (5/5) Update the customer network hierarchy Determine maintenance redline positions Determine maintenance scope Determine maintenance team Develop Proactive maintenance plan Proactive maintenance plan Key Tasks (Carrier and Enterprise) Proactive maintenance scope Maintenance Personnel List 14 Make a plan Distributing a task Monitoring progress Adjust the plan Plan development: The SPM/maintenance TD (enterprise) develops the proactive maintenance plan every year based on the proactive maintenance some, customer plan, network conditions, and maintenance resources, and regularly reviews and updates the proactive maintenance plan. Task distribution: The SPN/maintenance TD (enterprise) breaks down the Proactive maintenance plen proactive maintenance plan into specific proactive maintenance tasks and distributes them to related owners to support proactive maintenance. A proactive maintenance plan can be broken down into multiple proactive maintenance tasks. Monitoring progress: The SPM regularly monitors the execution of preactive maintenance, identifies risks and problems, and ensures the effective implementation of proactive maintenance Adjust the plan During the execution, the SPM/maintenance TD (enterprise) can adjust the plan dynamically based on the customer plan and resource preparation conditions. Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 15 Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process One Betwork, One-Policy Actively Maintained by Enterprises Active maintenance actions Key corporate level network Regional level network Rep office level network 11 and Data Collection in the Device Archive Database Mandatory Randatory Optional In-depth network evaluation (network health evaluation) Mandatory (target network) Optional (other networks) Optional Optional Routine review of key spare parts Mandatory Randatory Mandatory Digital certificate/rectification/10/15 party software/temporary license clearance/ESS clearance/other special risk clearance Mandatory Mandatory Mandatory (mergency plan Mandatory Optional Optional Accident emergency drill Mandatory Dotional letional Based on the Maintenance mechanise of "one team, two eyes and three preventions, the ) released the Active Maintenance Guide and SOP, and , and the regional offices developed the "One Network, One Policy Active Maintenance Plan, The required actions were 100%completed and the network risks were eliminated by more than 95%. O Critical accidents caused by Huawei Release of Enterprise Network Hierarchical Standard Update and Maintenance Strategy V3.0 3 2025 Cmfidential 16 Role Introduction and Division Role Name Responsibilities Position/Kole Maintenance owner Formulates and implements the maintenance strategy of the representative office, ensures the stable operation of the costosk takes responsibility for the customer satisfaction. Be responsible for the sperating targets (order, revenue, profit, etc.) of the customer support service of the representative office/office. Ensures and manages the maintenance services of the representative office, carries out proactive maintenance, mitigates network risks, and ensures the security of network operations and the timely closure of problees, Manage the spare parts service delivery of the rep office, implement the internal control management requirements for spare parts, and ensure the sec security of spare parts assets, Builds the maintenance system of the rep office, implements the requirements specified in the epilations on ICT Maintenance Redline Positions, and builds a stable and dedicated maintenance team. Kep office maintenance owner (AS manager, CS manager, and rep office enterprise maintenance sner) Maintenance Project Manager Determine the proactive maintenance scope based on the proactive maintenance specifications and contract restrictions Output the proactive maintenance plan based on the proactive service scope and maintenance policy. Malone project manage (SPN, rep office office enterprise maintenance owner/enterprise maintenance 10) Huawei Confidential 17 Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process 1 NO. Indicator Name Indicator formula Measurement Compitim rate of proactive maintenance plan Completed Proactive tive Maintenance Tasks/Planned Proactive Raintenance lasks & Monthly and Annual 2 fulfillment rate of Carrier maintenance redline position (1 (unter of redline to that are on beard hacer of con le house SPM, maintenance TDs, and spare parts engineers Number of outsourced service personel for product ILS/TES haber of in-house employees for redline positions Master of on qualified employees)/Total number of carriers maintenance redline positions) 1005 Monthly and Annual 1 Fulfillment Rate of enterprise maintenance redline positions () (Number of redlize positions that are it in order of Haployees we are on boarder of In house employees who are an beard with redline requirements) (Total number of enterprise maintenance redline positions) Itions) 100% Monthly and Aual & Enterpriseance contact arrival rate Actual nuster of enterprise network maintenance contact persons on duty/Planned number of enterprise network contact persons 100% Monthly and Annual of Overview of a strategy and plar pro gy and Plan Management Process Contents 18 01 Introduction the IT System for Maintenance Strategy 02 Introduction to the Maintenance Strategy and Plan Plan Management B Enterprise Customer Support Service S process

Co 1074 203137 characters

utra

10:36 AM

ASUS Vivobookmaintenance redline items A Felt Confidential Introduction to Carriers Maintenance Redline Determined IT System Carriers Review the carrier network Establish relationships between netsarks and projects Determine the redline maintenance positions Determine the maintenance scope Proactive maintenance plan Personnel who record and maintain redline requirements CS Manager Netcare Project Management customernetwork mapping terk information and Configuring and maintaining carrier networks that meet redline requirements Annual review Re office. The CS business owner of the rep office sends the configuration to the maintenance redline contact person. 19 Relationship between the network and maintenance redline projects Mandatory seinte muster of applications that need to he approved by the BATO director 5 director of the rep must be associated with projects and updated in time when the projects change. management Personnel operation Redline based position management and redline resource management Item Quantity Regions Rep. office Level SAll project haber of positions (planned value) Level-CD project Sam TDC CS business owners of rep offices or regional maintenance refline operation personnel. CS manager Netcare@project management surance Personal Chongqing Rep Office Fullan Rep Office Gansu Rep Office Guangdong Rap Office Determine the redline maintenance positions. Recording and Raintenance Redline Personnel. The actual position configuration must be based on the historical position configuration for the past two years. The actual position configuration will not decrease person. The SPM/Maintenance 10 should be consistent with the project appointment. (PO, SPM, TO, or maintenance TD of the Core Management Teas) If the Investment is insufficient of the C is not o crease year-on-year, Positions are assigned to the CS business owner of the rep office on the regional maintenance redline contact Information first and then enter the information. Huawel Confidential Huawei Confidential 20 Carriers determine the maintenance stupe IT introduction Cares authentication Technical Support Service Scorecard Productiork WorkSpace Contracthandover Automatic interpret succeeded Automatic Interpret fallure Check the contract information Customer S Sales PD Approval SUM record Introduction late. The spare parts service scope must be reported to the regional spare parts manager, whey pro Deressters: Product, Quantity Record SLA Enter the active service scope Submit for approval the system attempts to automatically interpret (CT Post warranty) Operation Guide NetCareC scope Proactive maintenance plan Carriers Select Contract be. Select Network Carriers Introduction to the If Systee for Carriers to Develop Proactive Maintenance Plans Make a plan Creating a Master Plant redline maintenance positions Determine the maintenance Determine the redline maintenance positions Monitoring progress S Portal Setcare@etwork workspare Plan Operation Guide: Determine the maintenance scope BetCare Contract Interpretation & SD Service Plan Introduction Opti Create plans one one by one Proactive maintenance plan Huawei Confidential Enterprise IT system for managing Enterprise maintenance redline positions Introduction Determine the refline maintenance positions Regional caners enter, update, and modify government and enterprise redline maintenance personnel in unified manner. Key network management Assurance Personnel Management Redline-based position and redline resources management 22 Huawei Confidential Enterprise Introduction to IT Systems for Key Management of Enterprise Networks Determine the redline mai maintenance plas The platform Enterprise proactive Assure Key net management At the beginning of each year, the organizes all regions to provide the updated layer) network information in a fure and record the information in the system. Regional personnel can also create networks and modity information on the ButCare. The platform portal is interprise Active Maintenance Key network management Betwork 111t. You call create a network modify and refresh the existing network Information. Proactive meintenance plan 23 Hul Confidential Interprise Introduction to the IT System of the Proactive Raintenance Plan for Enterprise Betworks Determine the redline maintenance positions Key seturk sangrent Proactive maintenance plan Regional plans, or drill plans in the Netcare system. Platform entry: Enterprises Key network management Betwork List Select a Owners and Tos for key network maintenance should define maintenance plans for each network based on regional maintenance policies, and create preventive maintenance, in depth network evaluation, rask contingency go to the network page. 24 Huawei Confidential 81 Overview of Manage teen strategy and latest specific network and create a proactive task on the specific network page. Click a network in the network list to Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management 84 Enterprise Customer Support Service SEP Management Process Huawei Confidential Enterprise Customer Support Service VIP Management Process Purpose to guide the collection of SFP elements after the contract takes effect, including the service package, quantity, service start time, duration, equipment SA, CSP, and end customer, and generate the service fulfillment plan, Provide data support for applications such perts network capacity, service authentication, revenue triggering, service notification, work order plan, and installed base manegreent, and support efficient fulfillment of enterprise customer support Create plans in hatches 21 Option 2: Create enterprise maintenance owners and for cognition management Proactive mainte Entanance Strategy Plan Management Process Contants 25 01 Introduction to the IT Sustom for service fulfillment plans to generate forward data in the authentication database of the enterprise Inventory management system. The activated SIP data is the authentication Inventory data. Dverview: Standardize the generation of servic and the sending of service notices, and ensure contractual delivery and customer satisfaction improvement. Kay Input Service contract (contract to, partner, end customer) Equipment contract. No/fpitpeent S Maintanance 100 [service package, quantity, and duration) Service Start Date Key Output Equipment SA Service solution Service Start Supplement the missing UP information in a timely manner to ensure that services can be fulfilled as agreed and reven SFP Recording Owner Responsibilities Create, release, and update the warranty and maintenance service Question key velues? What do you think the whiteboard. (10 minutes) required. (10 minutes) Group presentation. The team leader/pondier's present opinions Huawei Confidential Core Functions and key values of the manage maintenance strategy und plan process providing support for the stable running of customer netors and services. The maintenance responsible for implemented and the maintenance redline team is statile Insure stable network operation and customer satisfaction. 2. Proactive maintenance scope confirmation and plan: Determine the maintenance and pr maintanance the core functions of the maintenance strategy and plan management Time Shipment contract No. Service Contract 26 Information Feedback nerespunilities triggered in a timely manner Roles Enterprise maintenance office S, NAR, AW the contract Rute Service Contract Specialist the Conflantial Croup discussion (20 tes) 27 are the Olscussion Arrangements Discuss by group, fore the group's opinions, and output the monson Copinions discussed by the group. Scenariot/cases a Presentation once complete, and other groups add different sieve or Maintenance tencereli position configuration and redline personnel confirmation Mawes is primarily responsible for 2 maintenance refline position configurations advance (eg. digital certificate, urgent 105, lithium battery risks, etc.) to more that the conten capacity, service 家,每个组织的ing digital to every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world. Copyright 2018 Pawel fechologies Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The information in this document may contain predictive statrments including, without limitation, statements regarding the future financial and operating results, luture product portfolie, new technology, etc. There are a number of factors that could rame actual results and developments to differ materially from these expressed or implied in the predictive statements. Therefore, such information is pro 507.15.2 Manage Equipment Health Check Process Introdution 01 trution to the Health Deck Process Contents Introduction to Health Che Incident IP Core Backbone Network Outage Affected Osers (100%) cuting ares, howitas, The National Telecommunications Administration and security agencies have intervened the Investigation Carrative fined Financial Inss the company's image has been severely ly damaged, resulting in indirect дает от 1120 1111 Cause of the fault. The working and protection pathe hetween the backbone routars of king and protectia links, resulting in a major incident. Incorrect Link Configuration Switching failed Mors Linkage Protect Process Overall Architecture (7) (16) 7.15.3 Manage Contingency Planning and Drilline 7.15.1 Manner Maintenance Strateey and Plan 2.15.2 Mana Coulament Health Deck 7.1.5 Chanes 7.15.4 Man 22049301137 (Tracters mance actions, (equipment health check, emergency plan formulation, accident drill, etc) Identify and eliminate risks network rum stably. 3. Enterprise customer support service SIP: Generates forward data in the authentication database of the enterprise installed have mensement system, provides data support for spare parts authentication, revenue triggering, service notification, work order plan, and installed speratlim, and supports efficient fulfillment of enterprise customer support services, Puawel Confidential Thank you Including harks, hosgitals, government departments, and other sectors Regional Inter Regional Interruption Time 4 hours Servics Interruption Direct Financial net will competitor are inconsistent. In the event of single point of failure lar, this leads to simultaneous interruption of sth Link Correct Link Configuration Switch successful 1 huawei Confidential Hime Confidential 4 107.15 (CRLF

Manage

ASUS Vivobook

STAM 4/21/2028File

Edit

View

Health Check Process Contents 2

Manage Teche

ITR Manage Techr.

ITR Manage Techt

1 Manage Netwo

SD7151 Manage

507.15.1 Manage

X

A 02 Introduction to Health Check Platform and Operational Tools Huawei Confidential Many cyber Incidents could have been identified and prevented through proactive measures... In 2010, M Operator Network Incident: IP Core Backbone Network Outage Affected Users 4M (100%) Including banks, hospitals, government departments, and other sectors Regional Interruption Time 4 hours Service Interruption Direct financial loss The million dollars The National Telecommunications Administration and security agencies have intervened in the investigation Executive Fined Financial loss The company's image has been severely damaged, resulting in Indirect lusses Over $100 million Cause of the fault: The working and protection paths between the backbone routers of a competitor are inconsistent. In the event of a single point of failure, this leads to simultaneous linterruption of both the working and protection links, resulting in a major incident. Incorrect Link Configuration Switching falled Work linkage Protect the link Correct Link Configuration Switch successful 3 Huawei Confidential Huawel Confidential 4 507.15 Support & Assurance Process Overall Architecture (7) (16) 7.15.) Manage Contingency Planning and Drilling 7.15.1 Manage Maintenance Strategy and Plan 7.15.2 Manage Equipment Health Check 7.15.5 Manage Network Change 7.15.4 Manage Networs Risk Mitigation 7.15.6 Manage Maintenance Value Presentation 7.15.7 Manage Installed Base Data Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Equipment Health Check Process Contingency Planning and Drilling Process Enterprise Customer Support Service SFP Management Process EB Network Risk Handling Process Network Maintenance Warning Handling Process CNB Service Process for tigh-Risk Vulnerability Handling 15 Network Maintenance Rectification Delivery Process Device Installed Base Data Management Process CNB Device Inventory Data Management Process EB Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation 7.15 Root directory Event On Duty Process Service life data of carrier contracts can be visuallied on the 1915 CNB Network Change Management Process Network Change Solution Review Process Software Update Support Service Delivery Proces Process Note: The process count is as of June 10, 2025 1.3 Business Capability 14 Business Process What is the equipment health check? Name Equipment Health Check Definition Equipment health check is a service that involves inspecting and analyzing the data configuration, operational status, performance, and other aspects of Hummel equipment in the customer network as agreed upon by both parties. It aims to identify existing issues and potential risks in the equipment's operation, summarize the findings in a report, and provide corresponding recommendations for Exprovement Is the data configuration of the equipment reasonable? Is there any abnormality in the equipment's operating status? Customer Concerns. Has the processing capability and stability of the equipment declined? Is the equipment performance Insufficient? Is the equipment still under warranty? Is an update needed? 5 How to Identify Risks Risks and Eliminate Hidden Dangers In Advance? Huawel Confidential Equipment Health Check Process View Name Equipment Health Check Definition Equipment health check is a service that involves inspecting and analyzing the data configuration, operational status, performance, and other aspects of Huawel equipment in the customer network as agreed upon by beth parties. It aims to identify existing issues and potential risks in the equipment's operation, summarize the findings in a report, and provide corresponding recommendations for improvement. 6 Huawel Confidential Equipment Health Check Process Health Check Preparation (1/4) Requirement Clarification and Scope Confirmation Health Check check request for key event assurance 7 Analyze health check requirements 1. Demand Factors: a) Type: Basic Check b) Plan: Time/Resource Allocation c) (quipment Networks and network elements involved, d) Delivery Mode: Onsite Delivery/Remote Delivery. Health Check-up Program 2. Develop a health check implementation plan based on contract requirements or needs, considering factors such as scheduling and human resource availability. 3. Communicate with the customer about the purpose, scope, and implementation plan of the health check service. If the customer cooperation is required, listen to their opinions, and update the implementation plan accordingly. 4. Designate the health inspection executor, who must have acqui orresponding rec heck Preparation Health Check Implementation Summary and Report Analyzing health check requirements: Key Activities Proactive Maintenance Plan Pealth or, who must have acquired the Pre-Position Competency Certification (PPCC) and CyberSecurity Certification (CSC). Huawei Confidential Equipment Health Check Processwalth Check Authorization (2/4) Requirement Clarification and Scope Confirmation Health Check Preparation Health Check Implementation Summary and Report Develop a health check plan: Key Activities Health Check up Program Health Check Application Develop walth check plan KCP1 Attention: Acquire Health Check Customer Approval Upon receiving the health check task, review the archives from installed base system Health Check Progras Customer Approval (IBS), understand the network architecture, configuration, and operational status. Formulate a health check plan based on above information. Customer Approval: Implementation can only proceed after obtaining customer approval. The methods of customer authorization are diverse, such as contracts, letters of authorization, meeting minutes confirmed by the customer, or service request forms. Regardless of the forw, there must be corresponding evidence to support it Dhe authorization in a writtan fore should specify the following information the matter, purpose, content, scope, time limit, data processor, data transfer location, obligations to be undertaken, and other agreed terms. Additionally, the personnel on the customer side to grant the authorization should have the authority to du su. The format and elements of the authorization letter can be referred to in the process document "femplate for Authorization to Process Customerters Data Thehealth check plan must be submitted tothe client as an attachment. The equipment health check plan can only be implemented after authorization When implementing the plan, avuld pesk business hours, critical comm performance evaluation periods, and important communication support timeframes, & Huavel Confidential Equipment Health Check Process Health Check Implementation (1/4) Requirement Clarification and Some Confirmationtv Preparation Health Check Implementation Summary and Report Collecting health check data: Handle the data strictly in accordance with the authorized content. Key Activities viwalth Check Program Collect health check data First, second, and third tier data analysis Prepare an inspectim report Attention: Strictly follow the requirements described in the "Health Check Protocol for operation. Confidential Data collection adheres to "Health Check Solution, "XX Product Equipment Information Collection Guidelines," or "Enterprise Deep Inspection Guidelines" analysis to get reports and issue lists. Prepare the inspection report Health Examination Report Review on listed Risk Review health check report Inventory Risk List Sommarize the Identified, the progress of resolution, analyze and propose The risk of non-inventory must be reviewed by 10. etc. Data Analysis: Conduct analysis or escalate to 12/13 recommendations, and output the health check report. According to the "Bon listed risk Rule Description, classify the "Equipment Health Check Risk List fisks cast, uut the "List" propose maintenance recommendations, risks are absent, output the "Thon Repository Risk List "Risk Scanarin Rules for Non-Inclusion in the Risk Repository: The following scenarios may result in risks not being included in the repository: a) the shed during the inspection period; b) The risk is a duplicate and is already being tracked in an existing risk ticket; c) The risk is a false positive reported by a tool) Other scenarios: from a technical perspective, the rides exist in the current network (specific reasons should be provided). Non inventory risk list review According to the "Non Repository Rick Scenaria Bule Description, review the "Non Repository Risk List. Report Revita standardized review of the report based on the "Equipment Health Inspection Report Review Checklist. Equipment Health Check Process Summary and Reporting (4/4) Requirement Clarification and Site Confirmation ealth Check Preperation Health Check Implementation Summary and Raport Submit and report health examination results: Kay Activities KEP2 Health Examination Report Inventory Rak List Attention and report health health check risks Archived data and documents. It is recommended to report etc.) and health check reports into the IT system. Health Check Client Confirmation similar equipment can be recorded as a single rish entry. Data and Document Archiving Disable device health check request port to clients and get feedback through meetings. Archive the customer's sitten opinions (Including but not limited to customer signatures, mell, farms, ation Form Cyber Risk List Risk Entry Systre All listed risks are entered into the system for closed loop tracking of the fy with wk request in the IT system. Refresh the 1395/15 records using network scripts and by the client The storage, indelof or enterprise reverse equipment profile data, Completing the equipment health check service requiring the finding thening the confirmation and customer data must be strictly handled within the scope of customer authorization, 10 Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 11 Equipment Health Check Process KP Quarterly C Test (Representative Office) (Representative Office) Fequirement Clarification and Scope Confirmation Health Check Implementation Summary and Report Health Check Preparation Monthly Operational Management (quarters&presentation Offlies) KOT KPP XOP Sumber KEP Name Control Elements KCPB1 Obtain health check customer approval KOI: Otal customer authorization before conducting the soulpen health check service. If customer approval htt 111 he considered compliant, otherwise, it will be remedion compliant, KC02: hether the content of the customer authorization Includes the equipment health check service! If the presented in the a within the scope of epiment tealth checks, it will be considered compliant, otherwise, it will be deemed non-compliant. KEPR2 Completo entering the health check risks KaThe network risks identified during the spent health check, if they fall within the risk list as required, must be entered into the risk manage systes Entry into the system is ro

LA 1. Cal 43413 203.148 characten

AMIndicator Formula Unit of Measurement Statistical Period 1 Tool Misjudgment Rick Number During the statistical period, the sumber of risk health check, if they fall within the risk list as required, must be entered into the risk management system. Entry into the system is considered compliance, otherwise, it is deemed inspection results marked as "non risk by data analysis engineers at the first/second/third line in IT systems (e.g., NetCare) during data collection and analysis processes. Number of valid entry risks identified by equipment health checks during the statistical period Individual Ronthly, Annual 3 Health Check the statistical period / Number of elements required to undergo health checks as d analysis processes. Individual Monthly, Annual 2 Health Check Risk Entry Cont Check Completion Rate (Number of service elements that completed health checks Operational fools Huawei Confidential NetCare, the Integrated Tool Support Equipment Health Check Key Tool 1. Health Check Solution Development (Citation Solution femplate from NetCare) 2. Customer Authorization (Online Authorization, as per contract) 100% Monthly, Annual 01 Introduction to the Equipment Health Check Process Contents 13 02 Introduction to health Deck Platform an per contract during Data Compliance) Solution Center RetCare Inspection Analysis Center etCare 3. Data Analysis (Report Generation after Analysis) 4. Risk is entered into the database (Automatically enter risks) Automatically generate customer/engineer reports/risk lists 14 Recommend tools Authorization Center MetCare Risk Management System Care Customer Authorization Compliance Data storage and usage Compliance Report with high quality Risk Management Have Confidential Huawe Confidential 15 7 Steps of Operation in Netcare System Create Project 1 Assign tasks PRATO Single Product Analysis Cross product analysis Expert Review Customer Report Summary TL/TE TD/TL TOITE PRUTO PUTO TE TO/TL PM Create a project Customer Pre-defined templates Distribute Tasks coose Customer report Inspection report Expert Review Create Tasks Contract-based Single product analysis Scenaria Network Project Output Risk List Risk management Netrare Project Summary Cross product analysis Experience Summary Task Progress Management Scenario based templates Experience Database Create Project: Define besic information such as network products, milestones, hay from m Task Distribution: Assign tasks to responsible parties based on predefined scenarios and system templates, Single Product Analysis: the inspection system etiare automatically generates in depth inspection tats analysis: the platform supports some technical guidance and case studies. Expert Review: Convene representatives from the representative office, regional departments, and headquarters experts for a technical review Produce the final evaluation report, including a risk list. Client Reporting: Provide updates to the client's management team Summary: Technical solutions and sxperiances can be uploaded to the system database antialle Outstanding Cove Study on In-depth Network Analysis in Enterprises terprises Business Our company smultiple products have supported the core productionoperations of ICBC network (Banking Industry). Touliminateputential risks, De tramo comprehensiveanalysisof all products. Over 10 networkrisksandmorethan20effectiveopportunitieswerefound. Agenda of Full product network insight Ni, Content Product Time 1 Leader's Speech 2 Industrial and Commercial Park of Che A Comprehensive Overview All-in-one product 9:00-10:30 3 Data Center Shanghai Regional Network Runitoring and Analysis Internet lif: 30-11:58 4 The backbone network of the entire hark is designed to sunitar, mange the network. Internet 14:00-15:20 5 Data Center Beijing Regional Network Monitoring ant Analysis Internet 15 20 14 40 6 Data Center Storage Network: Understanding and Analyzing the Artwork Storage 16:40 18:00 7 Fak wide side conference on network monitoring and discussion Intelligent Collaboration 9:00-10:20 8 Data Data Center Al Intelligent Comm Computing Cluster Network Monitoring and Analysis Intelligent Computing 10:20:11:40 9 Data Centar Cloud Foundation Overview and Analysis HCS 13:30-14:50 10 Data Center RS Network Ponitoring and Analysis MRS 14:50-14:10 11 Data Center DS Network Monitoring and Analysis 06 16:10-17:30 12 Data Center Couss Betwork Monitoring and Analyvis Sa 17:30-18:40 Inventory Review: Complete the comprehensive inventary reviewed all our company's products (network, storage, computing, etc.) 105Overview By 2025, the full product hardware is expected to schenωτηεθωρα sales team, Risk Mitigation, We address architectural risks imolutions suchas video conferencing, We also promote the Integration of high-level services, and to decmele und upgrade the management Interface from the business interface, thereby resolving theissueofslowevolution. Effectively implement the One Thing COCares About aligningwith the concernsef senforclients, 1keytasks across relevant product areas were identified Out 1. Which of the following are CP points for health check: () A. Technical Director (TD) Approval B. Project Manager (PM) Approval C. Obtain health check customer approval D. Inter health check risks into the system Anoser: 1/0 17 Conflantial Summary of 1935 section Through this section, have learned: ned: The 4 main activities of equipment health check requirement clarificat health check preparation, implementation, summary, and reporting, Data collectie adheres the requirements of the "Health Check Progras, "Remote Access Service Operation Manual, On Service Operation Manual, tracking and managing Issues entered into the risk management systee through equipment health checks. Commonly used toel platfores equipment health checks 18s Confidential Thank you 107.15.3 Manage Contingency Plawing and Drilling Process Introduction 81 Introduction tin the Contingency Planning and brilling Process Contents 2 62 Introduction to Operational fools and Platforms au Conflantial Emergency Response Plan and Drill Covergi the telecommunication domain on the early morning of July 2, 3022, a telecom service provider Operator & experienced a sudden communication failure, affecting 19 million users, which lasted apprisesaately 6 hours at Орепата 3 Examples of drillings in daily life (Video) The art The drilling we encounter in life includes hospital emergency drills, school earthquake drills, and fire safety drills, etc. Confidential thai Confidential Case Art element equipment fallure caused a nationwide wireless service outage lasting houses Impact foot Cause Speculation Cybersecurity Insights 13 May 30th, 11 15:15 25 Pablic opinion portes Come Node Backup Dual Plane Primery and Standby for Eritical Core Nodes Backup Plane Capacity: The capacity support service suitchover Michigan, Chicagn, San Diego, Los Angeles, link utilization can suppor Californie, and uther Ridwestern regions 1000 Impact on UserMasters Verizon's wireless data services erruption 3 hour users. Versionconfires full business recove Equipment Information Collection fulde 20:00 Serv Social media platforms are flooded with strong protests over the outage incident Verizon stated 12,000 Downdetectarreported users affected around 6,000 17:00 Ray 31st, Inferred that the likelihood faults in wireless hers reported mobile phone istues or lack of signal Due to widespread internet outages across multiple states, 11 all services had heen restured, had not yet experienced restoratim were de relatively low. In the early hours of May 31st, Verizon reported that SBC) Restern states Verizon cutrages reported last 30 at Confidential 5 107.15 Sport & Incident was caused by a fallure in the core retuсть преподатlements (XM, SBC Strategy and Plan 7.15.7 Manage cent Health Check 7.15.5 Range sorange 7.15.4 Manage Risk Mitigation.. (7) (16) 7.15.3 Manage Contingency Planning and Orilling 7.13.1 Manage Maintenance Strategy Health Check Process Contingency Planning and Drilling Process Enterprise Customer Support Value Presentation 7.13.1 Manage Installed Base Data Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Equipment High Risk Wulneratility Handling 1 Network Maintenance Rectification Delivery Process Device Distalldet ary Event Of Duty Process Service life data of carrier contracts can be visualized on the work Change Process B Network Risk Handling Process Network Raintenance Warning Handling Process Service Process Process Om Device Tiventory Data Management Process Network Dunge Slution Review Process Software Update Support Service Delivery Process Rate The process count is as of June 18, 2025 11 Capability Pro Data Management Process, 18 Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation 7.35 Root directory Fuent or luty Process minisize the impact of complex incidents and to shorten the recmery time as much as possible. The ale Process Objective Prepare necessary matures ultimately, Overview This document provides guldence directly, and to enhame castomer satis To redure customer losses direct activities in preparing contingency plans for CS delivery projects, including creation, review, verification, a Plan Development Dell Simca Confidential Contingency Planning and Drilling Pre plas Tack Rapt requirements for each activity in the contingency planing and drilling Contingency Plan Devel Task Reception Proactive Development Plan Review Drill Preparation feercise leplementation Summary of the Delli Pre plan Task Recepti contingency plan task based on levels and distributes proactive maintenance plans for Carrier plan ticket for other maintananceprojects: Emergency plans lans are are refrested ally for price Business According Maintenance Plan Contract Key Activities Pre plan Tack Peption the p for malatenance projects with level Avetergencs plans army The reserk hierarchical standards and maintenance strategy

A Co 54574 201154

W

1058 AMA

LH 1 Col 65664 203.159 characters

plan ticket-For other maintenanceprojects: Emergency plans are refreshed annually. For Enterprise Business According to the network hierarchical standards and maintenance strategy requirements. For key company-level networks, both emergency plans and Incident drills are required; For sther networks, these are optional, with priority given to covering core production networks. Huawei Confidential Contingency Plamming and Drilling Plan Development Pre-plan Task Reception Plan Development Plan Review Drill Preparation Exercise Implementation Summary of the Drill Key Activities Contingency plan ticket Attentions Collect smergency scenario Develop an Contingency Plan Collest emergency response scenario: Contingency Plan According to the "X Product Emergency Guide" and the list of remaining medium and high-risk issues of the network, compile a list of contingency stanarias. From the long list of scenario plans, filter out the short list of scenario plans that need to be formulated this time for the first time formulation, develop plans based on newly identified challenging scenarios, For existing plan refreshes, splate the existing plans according to changes in the customer's network (such as changes in inventory, networking, versions, configurations, etc.). Develop an emergency response plan Based on the short list of scenario plans, refer to the "Emergency Plan Refresh and Creation Template or the NetCare Solution Center's plan template to develop an emergency response plan. The plan should include the following key content elements: a) Key Network Topology, b) Netherk Protection Configuration; c) Remote Access Information; d) High-risk network loop not closed, e) Detailed Steps of the RecoveryPlan Written authorization from the customer must be obtained If it includes customer network data, It is prohibited to include sensitive customer network information, such as equipment account and passwords in the contingency plan. Huawel Confidentia Development. Plan Review Drill Preparation Exercise Implementation Summary of the Drill fmer Confidential Contingency Planning and Drilling Plan Rousew Pre-plan Task Reception Plan Emergency Plan Level-1 Technical Review Key Activities Contingency Plan Perform Lt Technical Review for Contingency Plan Attention: Perfore 2 Technical Review Perform 10 Approval Deliver the document Provide review comments based on the "Emergency Plan Review Checklist, and verify the plan in the laboratory to ensure the accuracy of the review comments; 3 & 12 revie comments ID Approval Comments Revised Contingency Plan Document When any of the following conditions are met, escalate to the second line and re examine the review comments provided by PSE 1. The scenaria plan is being reped for the first time; 2. The customer network has deployed new features; 3. Changes in device networking or disaster recovery mechanisms; 4. The presence of products not meeting General Availability status (Non-GA), S. The person responsible for creating the emergency plan is the same as the person responsible for the emergency plan. Emergency Plan Level-2 Technical Review: Provide review comments based on the "Emergency Plan Review Checklist, and verify the plan in the laboratory to ensure the accuracy of the review comments. Emergency Plan TD Approval: Refer to the "Emergency Plan TD Approval Checklist to examine the reliability and usability of the plan from the perspectives of quality management and collaborative management. Delivery of Emergency Plan Documentation: Archive the approved emergency plan into the IT system. If customer data is included in the solution, the tybersecurity rules for storage, transfer, destruction and usage of customer network data and of the personal data must be follised. 9 It is entouraged to invite customers to join joint revine of contingency plan, this is an important way to demonstrate the value of th Confidential maintenance. However, it is not mandatory requirement. Contingency Planning and Drilling Drill Preparation Pre-plan Task Reception Plan Development Plan Review Drill Preparation Exercise Implementation Summary of the Drill Develop an emergency drill plan: Key Activities Revised Contingency Plan Document Develop Develo an emergency drill plan Attention: Formulate emergency drilling solution Emergency Deilling Solution It is encouraged to invite customers to join joint drilling, as this is an laportant way to demonstrate the value of maintenance. However, it is not mandatory requirement. 10 Based on the contingency plans formulated for network maintenance and the levels of maintenance projects, determine the frequency of emergency drill and develop an annual emergency drill plan for Carrier NetworkBusiness Conduct the drilling for at least me contingency plan sumeris for Level A or Level maintenance projects every sis months. For Enterprise Business Conduct the drilling according to the network hierarchical standards and maintenance strategy. For company level networks, the contingency plan must be developed and drilling must be implemented. Develop an emergency drilling solution Based Based on the annual emergency scenarios and drilling plan, develop drilling solutions using the template and drill mode, and complete the preparation for the corresponding scenarios. There are 3 types of drill mode Technical Defense Rode: If the live network cannot simulate the fault, a technical defense can be organized focusing on the process, organization, resurset. Laboratory Drill Mode: If the condition is available to similate fault in laboratory environment, the laboratory responsible person prepares and checks the environment, remote access environment, etc Commercial Network Drill Mode Drills in the customer's commercial network bwork must comply with customer regulation and the Huawei requi Huawei requirements of 507.15.5 "Network Change Management Process", including plan formulation, customer authorization, implementation assurance, etc. Confidential Contingency Planning and Drilling Exercise Implementation Pre plan Task Reception Plan Development Plan Review Drill Preparation Exercise Implementation Summary of reparation Implementation Summary of the Drill 11 Contingency Plan Orilling plantatio Key Activities Emergency Drilling Solution 11 L1 (Frontline) Contingency Plan Orilling Implementation 12 Contingency Plan Drilling Support Emergency Drill Review Summary According to the drill plan, duct the stingency drill by referring to the process outlined in the "Emergency Recovery Process for Technical Service Requests CN. Submit the drilling application in the NetCare system to apply for Nil resources or laboratory resources, and recand the results or logs of each step of the drill. After the drill is completed, conduct a post-drill review and summary based on the "Emergency Drill Plan femplate. 12 Contingency Plan Orilling Support: The Product Support Engineer (Level 2) receives emergency recovery requests, establishes an emergency recovery operations room (Recovery system) for stanarie drills, records the drill process (including operation time, issues and handling, drill results, etc) and supports the technical defense for the primary drill. After the drill is completed, conduct a pest drill review and summary based on the "Emergency Drill Plan Template, Huawes Confidential Huawei Contidentiel 12. The simulation environment preperation involves setting up the drill battlefield. Gulde participants to familiarize themselves with the drill anvironment. The drill begins with an introductory guide to prepare all all participants for the accident scenario. to ensure the effectiveness of the competition, the content of the match is strictly confidential. Strengthen presses, focus in fault demarcation and Incating, and ensure Incident every stary dsciplinary Integration, unified coordination, and unified operations. Conduct thorough reviews and establish a fault scenario library for accident drills. Strengthen the management of inks, track, igrove, and close they dissemination and sharing of outstanding experiences, Accident Drill Plan Content: & Key Elements, 3 Critical Prints to Ensure Onderly Drills Drill Instructions Overview Purpose of the Accident Org Six Key Elements of Accident Drills Drill Preparation Drill Schedule Preparation for Drill format Participants of the drill faercise Notification Sander The arvelt of with the aim of enabling the project team to quickly and orderly restore operations in the event of actual accident through systematic drills. Prisciales for accident drill plan can refer to the "Arcident Drill on Recorde peints during the drill process Stechnical Defense Scenario Planning and Accident Handling Process Defense Orll Summary P Developing Accident Orill Plans Drill Record Overview of Overall Fault Situation ints of the Drill Review and Improvement Huawet Confidential 13 Scoring Criteria for Drilling: Evaluating the wellty of the bill Drill Review and Summary Problem Improvement Monitoring Drill Preparation Exercise Execution Key Points of ready (including first, second, and third personeel, servers, d Scenarin Select emergency plans and scenarios Six Kay El 14 Inspection tres based on key points Drill Preparation Exercise Execution Review and Improvement 12145678 9 10 11 12 13 14 Solution Design Accident Report Issue Order Creation Recovery Collaboration Restore Skill Phnomenon Descriptio Plumasenon Description Information Collection Remote Access Online Archive Coordination between front and back Teplomentation of the Plan Confir accurate and complete, including (customer name, country, product, scanaris, drill purpose), and the laboratory environment application and participants Complete the accident notification according to the process standards (Rite The internal notification process for frontline staff and customer care actions bated on the situation), Standardize the creation of SR tickets (create independe (create independently or delegate to CIR) Create a Marroos through the iRecovery platform, conduct teleconferences, and recond and savage the process. Orantie and allocate relevant resources, clearly assign tasks to frontline personnel, and distribute responsibilities for emergency plan preparation and implementation, customer Interface, reacte and operational horization, enllection, tapology, and other tasks. Fault Analysis and Recovery Based on Emergency Plans Provide accurate and clear description of the issue (Including the scope of business Impact, extent of import, tey Indicators, Terence call. Initiate data collection using information gathering tools, tordiet alle tritted on the operations, edge rode ode device device operations, customer Business Impact, and critical alerts), and report it during the conference call Tatt Information for sharing, and in authorization by contacttig custumer's live network, and collect information from the testbed or live network. Prepare the remote access environme

View

ASUS Vivobook

Wi

10:38 AM 4/71/72quickly provide network documentati on, including but not limited to network topology, historical inspections, database hackups, etc. After upgrading to the second tier, communication between the front live network. Prepare the remote access environment, document the remote access information for sharing, and stain authorization by contacting the client. and back lines has become smooth, tasks are carried out in implemented, confirm the service restoration through KPIs and dial tests, and obtain customer confirmation. Conduct post incident review and analysis of the drill, and improve the tracking of risks in the current network by orderly manner, and information remains aligned, Quickly understand the key points of the plan, swiftly implement it, including client oproval. After the recovery plan is Inputting them into the okisk platform. Note: The ti points highlighted in red are the critical ones. Contingency Planning and Drilling Summary of the Drill Pre-plan Task Reception Plan Development Exercise Implementation tion Summary of the Drill Key Activities Emergency Drill Review and Summary 14 Deliver Contingency Plan Documents Summary of Contingency Plan and Drill Implementation Deliver Contingency Plan Documents, fechnical speent Plan Review Drill Preparatio Service Report Submit the "Emergency Response Plan" and "Emergency Drill Plan" to the maintenance project responsible person for IT archi acceptance is required, the acceptance shall be conducted jointly with the client based on the previously agreed acceptance criteria, and a service report shall be signed. Huawei Confidential Brazil Rep. Offira Review drill with It archiving. Summary of Contingency Plan and Drill Implementation If the contract stipulates that Operator V to perform DC service switchover Background: Power-offs in the third-party central equipment rooms of Operator V's network occasionally occur. Now to impirant fast switchover of DC-level M servises has always been a pa point of the customer. Cooperate with the customer to review the historical problems and drill each step of the historical problems, and discuss with the customer how to prevent and further improve the problems, Result Customer an Huawel engineer both learn how the air-conditions (3rd party) problems may lead to Millions of users service impact. In the aran time, Huawel Core Network pool redundancy solution and contingency plan support to the customer solve this kind of problem. To ensure the pool redundancy is ready for any time, customer and Huawei engineer to do the routine health check including license capacity, route redundancy ate items. 1) fopology and service switchover scenario reappearance. 15.7) (mergency reporting and drilling procedure. 1) Brazil TAL team, Mexico TAC Core leader and Customer OSM Team Huawei Confidential Ruavel Confidential 16 Process Performance Indicators Serial Roster Indicator Name Indicator Formula Unit of Measurement Statistical Period 1 Completion Rate of Contingency Plan Development (Total muster of completed emergency plans and netwerk topology tasks during the statistical perint/Total number of planned emergency plans and network tupology tasks during the statistical period) 100% Monthly, Annual Completion Rate of Contingency Plan Drilling (Total number of completed drill tasks during the statistical period/lstal number of planned drill taiks during the statistical period) 100% Monthly, Annual #1 Introduction to the Contingency Planning and Drilling Process Contents 17 02 Introduction to Operational fools and Platforms a Confidential we Confidential 0 Introduction to Emergency Plan Development and D-111 Platform Incident Recovery & Drill Operation Platform (Recovery) a http://war.huawei.com http://iCare.huawei.com Quickly create a warm to asemble experts Integrate various combat tools support efficient recovery Accident Revive, Tracking, and Improvement Closed Loop Laboratory Platform (elah) http://elah.huawei.com/pen Experimental Equipment Sharing Supports over 200 drill tise scenarios Covering mainstream solution networking Emergency Plan Drill Management System (NetCare)/Multi Product Online Scenario Library Online (mergency Plan Review 41s Typical Scenario Accident Drill (brary s https://netcare.huawei.com/ Huawei Confidential 19 Summary of this section Efficient operation during the process Personnel quickly took their positions, with clear division of responsibilities. Analyze the fault symet Emergency Plan, X-Board Rapid Matching Smooth Internal and external communication ensures synchronized progress. Early shipment of spare parts Adequate preparatim beforehand femite missille The network diagram can be accessed at any time. Information collection tools are deployed in in advance, enabling rapid feedback Risk Management (Measures in place for unresolved risks and verifiable) Change Operation Mапаровент (Operations are trateable, require approval, and have rollback plans in case of fallure) Drill for Emergency Response Plan (ensuring clear role assignments during accident handling, maintaining order Contingency Plan and Drilling supports rapid service recovery Network Risk Handling Platform Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 3 Risk Management Case Study The 5 customer health check identified high load risks for devices such as Cloud PE, ATS, NEBE, and PSC, but these were set included in follow-up management, no warnings were issued to were issued to the customer, no contingency plans were formulated, and no marketing actions were taken, July 2023 October 2023 The lil data communication at the trek experienced overload, affecting services. October The client's CTO is highly dissatisfied with Huawe ly dissatisfied with Havel's risk management and forward-looking planning. They hope to capabilities, and not just focus on the surface level problems. They emphasize the need for comprehensive lifecycle management, from initial planning and design to subsequent operation and maint supports customers through the peak call volume during the New Year, earting their trust Thank 507.15.4 Manage Network Risk Ritigation Network Risk Handling Process Introduction #1 Introduction to the Network Risk Handling Process Contents 243 troduction to the hope to delve into the root causes of the issues, strengthen anal The short tare adjustment pla The marketing evilution plan has been approved by the client, and an order has been placed with the Juary 2004 Caninapth Data Manegreent Process In Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation 2.15 Boot directory Event De Service Delivery Presets Bote: The procere count is Inad to herk The disaster st the service implementation inspections to identify risks and provide short-term contingency plans for mitigation, Marketing evolves from the perspective of network adrandiness de expansion solutions Huawei Confidential 4 107.15 Support & Assurance Process Drerall Architecture (1) (16) 1.15.1 Manage Contingency Planning and Drilling 7.15.1 Manage Maintenance Strategy and 1.11.2 Check 7.15.5 Manage Network Change 7.15.4 Manage Network Rick Mitigation 7.15.6 Manage Maintenance Value Presentation 7.15.7 Manage Installed Base Data Maintenance Strategy and Plan Management Process Eq Contingency Planning and Drilling Process Enterprise Customer Support Service SIP Management Process I 10 Network Risk Handling Process Network Maintenance Marning Handling Process ON Service Process for Highlity Handling Ell Network Maintenance Rectification Delivery Process Device Installed Base Data Management Process CNB Device In Software Update Support Ser Duty Process Service life data of carrier contracts can be visuallied in the APPS CNE Network Change Management Process Setwork Change Soluti as of June 10, 2025 13 Business Capability 14 Business Process Definition of Betwork Technology Risk Network Risk Potential issues related harduare ipment currently operation puse hidden risksment operating status Amalist, freguent disruptions, major fallures, performance degradation, and other network protiles. The aging software stability Main Factors Affecting the Statle Operation of recovery/backup function of the egzipment failed to perform at critical moments High equipment Inad leads to decreased business processing capacity of standards and services has led to Increase in cross-product network issues 5 Impact Causing business interruptions, seretellty configuration during docking affects service quality The diversification of returk star that affect user experience Sutisequently, it damages the client's brand and leads to a decline in user loyalty, resulting in commercial losses tuas Randing Procesjective: The other problems that cannot be eliminated, it is essential to prepare management is to prevent network fallores by eliminating plans that could potentially cause then, thereby avoiding customer Inses for risks Overview This process designed to gulde the handling of t of technical present of meintaining network risk management emergenty meatures in advance to minimize the impact of incidents and reduce customer losses as much as possible after an accident oc confirming rise resolution, it standardlies the management of work store customer networks during the maintenance delivery project. By collecting nature risks identified during maintenance activities, assessing these clicks, foresting and reviewing technical st tks to ensure that sach network pis effectively addressed. 11-13 14 15 107.8 Service Delivery/7.15 7 Mixigation work Risk Management Process Risk Identification 10 Rich Set Inspection Daily Maintenance Accident Ruconstruction Coming fra Rectification Early Sales Hummel Confidential Risk Assessment and Distribution Risk Asset Risk Distribution 15 fypes of fechinical Risk pment License formance argradation Configuration is th 100,000 users or VIP users 2, O high risk EOS Protection unavailable Customer forironment Competitor's plent Lice 1000 users Low Impact 1000 Rick Response Risk Response Plan Development faplementation of Risk Blastois Security vulnerability 3. Od rectification Redium Inpart Chanee feeruence Plan/Drill Rate Access Risk Closure and Monitoring Risk Closed Review Ali Monitoring Risk Varmine Certificate Risk Hardware risk Software Risk Insufficient capacity falle Network Risk Handling Process Proces Servietthe herofatalne parts 105

and collect Information from the testbed

LAE CR651 203.163 characters

OA

AMReview Risk Monitoring Risk Warning Spare parts 105 Risk Network Risk Handling Process Process Overview Onjective: The purpose of maintaining network risk management is to prevent network fallures by eliminating risks that could potentially cause them, thereby avoiding customer losses, for risks that cannot be eliminated, it is essential to prepare necessary emergrinty measures in advance to minimize the impact of Incidents and reduce customer losses networks during the maintenance delivery project fly collecting network risks identified during maintenance activities, assessing these risks, formulating and reviewing technical solutions, completing inclementation tasks, and sses as much as possible after an accident occurs. Overview: This process is designed to guide the handling of technical risks present in customer confirming risk resolution, it standardizes the management of network risks to ensure that each network risk is effectively addressed. Precaution Rectification 7 Huawel Confidential Network Risk Handling ProcessRisk Acceptance and Plan Formulation Risk Management Plan Development Risk Plan Review and Early Warning Risk salution implementation Summary and Report. Determine the approach to handling network risks: Kry Activities malth Examination Report (OX Announcement The closure time for different levels of risks: 30 days for high risk, 60 days for medium risk, and 180 days for low risk, if the risk source has a specific risk expiration date, that date should be used as the default clasure time Risks that have been clearly identified as unavoldable due to customer reasons remain unmitigated and they must be documented for subsequent handling. Risk Handling Methods: Rectification, Larly Warning, and I shall be managed according to the "Network Maintenance Rectification Delivery Process" and "Network Maintenance Early Warning Handling Process Carrier Business", as well as the "Product EDS/End-of-Service Life Risk Management Guidelines. Other risks shall be handled in accordance with this process. The description of cyber risks should include clear elements: 1) Risk factor 2) Risk Event 3) Risk Impact 4) Risk Site Develop a high-level risk resolution plan contingency plan Network Risk Technical Solution Cybersecurity contingency plan Identify and assess network risks: All risks must be registered and tracked Early Warning Rectification Notice Attention: Determine the approach to handling network risks Confirm network risks Reviewing cyber risks all known risks have technical solutions. Assess the level of network rise "Instructions for Returning or Canceling Online Risk Scenarios se plan Deveik 1. The risk network element does not exist in the current network or has been decommissioned/merged. 2. The technical risks do not exist in the current seters or have The risk can be cancelled only in the scenarios comply with the been eliminated in the early stages. 3. Duplication of risks in existing processes, 4. According to the "Overseas Service Pre-sales Business Management Standards, the service has been terminated. Risk Classification for to "Hetwork Risk Classification Guidelines for classification to facilitate the prioritization of critical risks. Develop a risk mitigation plan: Refer to the product emergency response guidelines on tupport and the "Thethwork Response Technical Plan Template to formulate a technical solution for risk resolution, Huawei Confidential huawei Confidential 9 Risk Classification for Network Maintenance Risk Level 1 Classification Classification Descriptio Business Layer 1 Performance degradation Theperformanceindicatorssuthascalldroprate, latency, andopticalpowerhavedeterioratedandfallenbeloutherecommendedthresholds for theproduct. 2 Configuration Theconfigurationofdata(business, protocols, routing, parameters, etc. doesnotmeet theproductconfigurationrequirements, or thedesign specificationsanduvagerequirementsofthecustomenetwork Network Layer Network without protection

Thesolutionlacksprimaryandbackupprotectionforcriticalservicesorboards, thenetworkhasnoringprotectionorissingle plane, theequipment hasnodisasterrecoveryplan, andthena/Firewallisconfiguredinasingle machinesetap. & Protection unavallable Theproducthasaprotectionplan, butdurtoserviceconfiguration, customerenvironment, andotherreasons, theprotectionisocteffective. S Customer Environment Issuesrelatedtopowersupply, transmission, cooling, lightningprotection, anddustpreventionincustomerdatacenters, & Competitor's equipment Theissueswithcompetitorequipmenthaveseverely impactul devicebusiness, Reter Element Layer 7 Irements. & Certificate R License Risk License-relatedrisksincludethelminentespirationoralreadyexpiredfixed termlicensesforcommercialnetworkusage, anwellasmismatches hetunenlicense featuresand

Thecertificatedoesnotmeettherequirement softheequipmentoperator, isabouttoexpire, orhasalreadyexpired, Hardeare risk Therearehardwarealers, potential hardwaretoandissues, orhardwareperformancedegradation accidentsorserviceinterruptions. 18 Software Risk Thereareknownsoftwarevulnerabilitiesinthenetworkthatcouldleadtomajor incidentsorbusinessdisruptions. 11 Insufficient capacity Beequipment Indhasalreadyreandorisatout foreachtherecommendeddesignvaluesforsoftware, hardware, or logical resources Is shouttotriggerequipment flowcontrol initiation. 12 Abnormal operating status Abnormaloperationalstatusofdeviceports, lisks, proticalstates, revuries, etc. D Backup fallure Thedatabackupfunctionhasnotheenactivated, the backupfunctionisoperatingabnormally, andthebacked updatabasettunavailable. 14 Security vulnerability Thenetwork-operating egilpeent has obvion vulnerabilities oresknesses that violate systemsecurity policies, suchas product version vulnerabilitiesorunshieldeddeviceports.

EOS RISK

TheequipmentcontainsE0Sboards/software thatcarryservices, withahighfailurerate, poormaintainability.anddifficultyInobtainingeffective supportduringincidentrecovery. The classification Includes the levels 11 and 12. 11 typically motits of 15 categories, which are mandatory when when entering risks and are defined within this process. 12 subcategories optional and can be flexibly defined try each product as needed, the "Flow Control Deployment risaut (ore) Netwock Risk Handling Process Risk Plan Review and Early Warning Risk Management Plan Development Risk Plan Review and Early Warning Risk solution implementation Summary and Raport High-level tednical wlation revize Rey Activities Network Risk Technical Solution Cybersecurity Risk Technical Flan Attention Reviewing High Lovel Technical Solutions for Ricks Risk Plan Review Confirm the implementation party of the plan to matter whether the rastomer agrees to deal with the risk, it is essential to track the risk in a closed loop manner. the early warning high-level risk the customer interfaces, especially these involving netsorking or planning design related, it is necessary to involve the key account department in decision making regarding whether to issue a early warning, who should issue it, and the level of the warning 10 Solution Review Focus on the feasibility and effectress of rich mitigation technical solutions. Initial Clue Alerting Customers Cyber Risk Customer Kar Karning Latter Internal Warning Letter on Cyber on Cyber Risk Plan Revine Complete the preparation lon and review of the plan by referring to the contingency plan and drill management process, ensuring the plan's information is comprehensive, the technical approach is correct, and assessing whether the plan quickly restare operations after an incident occurs Confirmation scope of the maintenance project delivery, confirm the feasibility of the solution and the delivery interface with the customer. If there any tales leads for equipment or servlies, they must be passed on to the process. Confirm the implementation party of the plan: Designate the plan implementer according to the delivery interface, implementation progress. Customer Self Delivery: Deliver the technical solution to the customer and track the Huawe Maintenance Project Team Delivery: Assign implementation tasks and complete them by adhering to the network change process. warning to the client. Customer Risk Warning: Dy maintaining monthly reports, formally warn the customer's operations and maintenance supervisor. Ricks that cannot be resolved should be accepted by the customer to ans affecting customer satisfaction after the risk occors. If the risk is related to sales Betwork Risk Handling Process Rise solution implementation Risk Management Plan Development Risk Plan accepted risks dynamically tracks risk changes, enabling effective risk management Betwork Risk Technical Solution Cybersecurity Risk Management Plan Attention Fry Activities Rentoring to the prese of solution implementat ion Verification Risk Plan Risk Change Acceptance Test Report Contingency Plan Validation Report Conduct registration, early warning, and response in accordance with the risk changes in the risk environment. 11 Changes in client budgets operare pevcuti Guidelines Suspended network risks should be regularly reviewed, and risk mitigation plans should be reassessed based accepted risks obsolete, necessitating timely reconfirmation of risk response plans with the client. Due to the elimination of risks caused by nether changes, submit the ninth closure revies The Fishing regularly reviewed and continuously updated to ensure that it can prevent accidents or enhance the efficiency of accident recovery for the generated leads, contact the corresponding spitreatment St vain the sales de itor the progress of network risk resalation tasks and obtain the corresponding technical report pon task completion Tasks Emplomerted to the strategies, plans, and progress. Monitor the progress of solution implementation: tian: Monitor the progress customer: Contact the customer to obtain the test report for task completion or request permissions from the customer to collect callest devic device lngs; or provide written evlance from the customer demonstrating that riskshitigated verifies the affecteness of the contingency plan The task implemented by used follso the "Reters Dlarge Management Process and provides a network change order number. Verify risk response techele Won C Co87489 203.165 characters The client has decided to accept the risk and not implement the solution, necessitating a formal related to sales (eg, network without protection, insufficient capacity, etc.), a written warning must be simultaneously sent to the system portal Development Risk Plan Review and Early Warning Rish solution implementation Summary and Report Ronitoring Spea we technical plan: The mirror laboratory UTF

X

ASUS Vivobook

1039 AM 401/306engineer to confirm that the risks have been eliminated. If the risks are not yet eliminated, the solution needs to be formilated on the implementation needs to be re dove. 1. fur scenarios for rith resolution a) of the plan through accident drills. Huawei Confidential Guide to Suspending Network Risks Risk Classification Suspend the filing materials Customer Alert Internal Morning Network Tapoling contingency plan Product 105 Optional Mandatory Remote Connection Spare Parts Inventory Daily Inspection Optional Temporary License Protection unavailable Insufficient capacity Mandatory Software veshad (eg, suspended due to sales reasons), Optional (suspended for other reasons) NA NA Mandatory Mandatory Optional Other types Optional Mandatory Optional Optional Optional Accident Drill 1. Optional NA NA BA Otimal M Optional ftware issues, hardeare Issues Pandatory Optional Mandatory Optional NA Optional Optional Mandatory Optional Optional Optional Optional Mandatory (High/Medium) Optional (Low) Optional M Optional Optional During the process of handling network risks, if an engineer determines that the network risk cannot be imediately eliminated, the risk can be suspended under certain conditions, and the risk should be recorded in accordance with the recommendations provided in this pilde. 2.3.12 handles a risk ticket that is put on hold, it is necessary to specify the duration of the hold, and it is recommended that each hold does not exceed six months. Risk tickets can be put on hold multiple times and can also be manually unheld midway. The risk management system defines the processing duration for each risk item based on risk level and type. During the risk suspension perind, the closing time should be automatically extended. Huawel Confidential Network Risk Handling Process Summary and Report Risk Management Plan Development Risk Plan Review and farly Warning Risk salution implementation Summary and Report Confirm Risk Resolution Key Activities Acceptance Test Report Contingency Plan Validation Report Attention: KCPBM Confire risk resolution Mitigate cyber risks Network risk managreent is a crucial aspect of proactive prevention and represents the core value of He's services, with effector value delivery being particularly Important. 11 Conduct an inspection to verify the implementation of evidence, and check the technical report after the solution has been implemented to confirm whether the risks have been linated For customer implementation scenarias, evidence must be provided in the fore of written evidence or reflection from network Rish Resolution/Cont Ingency Plan Confirmation Conclusion Cybersecurity Risk Closed Loop Report installed base Information, so Proactively eliminate risks through network changes. b) The risk is mitigated due to equipment decommissioning, relocation, or changes in customer network configuration/usiness operations. 2. The risk nes not actually been eliminated nown if the client agrees to close it, it must still be tracked in the risk management system 1. According to the "Overseas Service Presales Business Management Standants, the service has been terminated, and the risk can be closed. Close Network Risks: Summarize risk handling outcomes and generate a clused loop report to be delivered to S/M, who will then present the proactive preventive maintenance service value to the customer, Comfential Confidential 14 Betwork Risk Handling Process KCP Quarterly CT Test (Representative Office) Annual SACA Assessment (Representative Office) XCP Number KCP Name Control Elements KCPOT Pitoring Suspension # XCOT: To the PR suspension protection action being executed? If risk suspension actions are carried out in accordance with the Network Riss Suspension Guidelines (such sending customeralerts and emergency plans) when risks are suspended, be considered as compliance; otherwise, it will be deemed as non compliance, K102: Are the content and elements of the uploaded proof materials standardized for the risk suspension guarantee action) If a risk is suspended, the cust warning for the risk suspension protection action must comply with the fietsers Risk Suspension Guidelines, and the contingency plan must meet the requirements of the contingency plan Process. If the supporting documents comply with the process requirements, it will te considered as compliant, otherwise, it will be deemed non-compliant. KCPBA Confine risk resolution KCOS Confire Risk Resolution If the risks of the closed loop are genuinely revived, it will be considered sompliant, otherwise, it will be deemed non compliant. KCO2 Verify whether the supporting documents for risk resolution standardized. If the proof materials for resolving risks uploaded into the system comply with the filing action been executed for rectification onders, if me requirements of the "Network Risk Handling Process, it will be considered as compliant, otherwise, it will be dremed non compliant. K003. Has the rects internally or the customer decides not to implement thee, the rectification should be recorded in accordance with considered as compliance, atherwise, it will se as non-compliance, KLOL Are the content and elements of the uploaded supportin supporting documents for rectification filing standardized f Filing uploaded in the system wat the requirements of the deewed non-compliant. Risk Management Flan Development lation implementation Summary and Report Rist Flanerind "Rectification Filing Scenerio Operation Guide, they will be considered compilant, otherwise, they will Risk Handling Process Process Performance Indicators . Indicatie Name Indicator Free Unit of Early Warning Monthly Operational Management (Headquarters & Representative Offices) KCPO) KCPOC Conf Medium and High Rish Measurement Statistical Period 1 total number of risks entered The Issuance time of risk orders refers "Rish Suspended. 3. The numer of A: The number of medium and high risks that have been addressed I the total number of risks in the andium High Risk Cleanup A/B A: The uter or cleared wi and high-risk cases to be addressed medium and high level risk cases whose closure time falls within 2 and high level risk cases se and high-risk Staws that should be closed, where Complete Reviewing ethiy wal 4 Overdue Risk Number Overdue Risk Count persod Monthly, Anal 4 Overdur rick status Rectification Record Scenario Operation Guide, which wil in the terials perint. Individual Monthly, Annual 2 Completion Rate risk status of "Risk Closed" lt he closed, Complet and high-risk Items I the number of medium and high-risk S Confirming, Expestad Closure Time) & (Matus closure time falls within the statisti ction to the Network Risk Handling Platform Confidential The network Annual 01 Introduction to the Network Risk Handling Process Contents 16 02 Introduction through change management, rith assurance through conting plan for critical scenarios, risk reduct Sources, & Alreally Achieved Online Automatic Flow or Risk Automatic Triggering Risk Management. Independent egrated Product Development tarly Warning Rectification Forly Sales Temporary License (D1 Engineering Transition clouds Risk Source Industry Affairs Flow Cline Key Merit Can 170 1 communication through drillantynek 7 à Service Delivery 4.0 Issue to Pretracing Inspection Integration Inspection thout the fornual Intervention. 3. Project Transition to Online Workflow Health Check Rish apparsh using relation and Grating te Betwork Change Istegration Digital contingency plan Risk Monitoring 1. Develop multiple management module apps bated different business needs 105 Temporary Licenie Carly Warning Rectification 1. Mitigates through Cand independent module integration, unified display Risk List 3. Betwork/Operations Workstation Drill down by layers, penting Fashitigation Plan Risk Closure Risk Hanging Routine review Resale Transmission Parketing three Clout/al Sources of Rich, 15 Categories of Technical Risks Rick Response Methods: Rick Respurise Is the value of cyber risk management) 10 Sources of sh Hetunrk Change Process Introduction of Significance of Network Changes # Introduction to Network Change Management Proces requiring the same level of assurance81 Process huawei Confidential Every network change should be treated as a flight, requir Significance of Network Change Opsaction sex 20% 10% 30% Process Compliance Quality of the plan Personnel Qualifications Product counted for 115af network accidents however, 70% of the sperational incidents that lead to accidents CONTENTS service from 2023 to 2004, Identifying acturer Service Quality focidents (2) sament: 18 incidents related to thael's original equipment serv Synten fur Managing Betwork Technology Risk 18. Corsantial Thank you 107.25.1 Introduction to IT Capabilities for Beturk Change Management 01 IntroductionFruty Ben, Internal discussion Page 3 Huawei Confidential Contintsal The anges in 2014 was was over 1 millim, with a 125increase o to 2073, Quality defects in the elas upload preventabiel Software defect 113 t categories of operational trust risks Quality dents in 2022, 4 incidents in 2021, and 2 Enchant cutover, the service scope will result in the laterription ration 1 During the route introduction operation per count has excessive permissions surrowing a shared account ing operations The engineering project involves the cutover speration. After the ested the DC power supply 2024, network change operations accounted for 2024 Ravel Confidential 5 Self assessment to the plan Change not managed in the pipeline elnaccura not installed Post-operation monitoring Issues the account Scenarin/Method Accident Description Risk Onsite engineering oper subcontractor Installed new Bestpeent and mistakenly disconnected the Ant operation fured by the W ption of services of De UTTA

Lin C 99112

204179 arache

m0

1558 AMFile

Edit

View

ITR Manage Techi

Manage Neta

507.15.1 Manage

S07.15.1 Manage

+

subcontractor installed new KTN380AX equipment and mistakenly disconnected the DC power supply of the NE40. Onsite operation 3 During the route introduction operation performed by the on-site sommissioning engineer on the resource pool DCOM, a routing conflict occurred. on 4 In the engineering project, the risk level of network change was not classified properly, resulting in a Level 3 incident, one 5 Mask network change without " approvals", Testing user MSISON configuration for virtual APN, resulting in user activation failure to 6 Remote Operations at the Shared Center In the engineering project, remote engineer perform operations beyond the authorized scope, resulting in damage to Inter netsockservices se 7 During the engineering service cutover, an incorrect port operation was performed, resulting in in damage to the live network services. The integration of the networks in MOCB Ind to an accident due to the tware upgrade, an incorrect click on "Continue" caused the software to become active s 13 the engineer conducted a risk Incorrect execution of a script, resulting in a declineinSEE metrics. de 9 On-site software operations The engineer make the software customization, which caused Issues with package plans, resulting in some users not properly charged. De 10 During the testing period, the engineering supervisor directly enabled large-scale authentication, resulting in spam, se 11 Maintain on-site operations Before the event guarantee, Huawel engineers provided an incorrect license, which affected the 4G data services after the customer loaded it. 12 During the preparation process for software Investigation on the digital certificate. He mistakenly use the smart kit tool resetting several NEs. 14 On-site management service operations The management service executed a load sharing script error during fiher breakage, resulting in service interruption. 15 The removal of fiber optic cables from the equipment of the management service team caused a misoperatiso, resulting in the dismantling of the fiber optic cables of the A5800 In the current network. Onsite operation 16 The engineer unbound the internet connection, causing the matching rules to become invalid and preventing users from accessing the internet, os 17 On-site operational experience the engineer performed a routine big data query operation but mistakenly executed an re command, resulting in the deletion ofdatabase files. 18 The script in the plan contained errors, leading to service disruption in the 36 cells of the live network upon execution. Number of incidents associated with each type of risk: Case Study 1 Case Bar government. Due to the engineers executing operations outside the approved solution, mobile network traffic decreased by 29%, fixed network traffic decreased by 38%, and the business was disrupted for 4.5 hours. The incident was recovered in 119 minutes. Create a change ticket and develop a plan: The URL deletion operation is considered a high risk action and is included in the MS change frust-list for low risk management. January 3rd January 7th Perform the change operation: 01:11 Perform a delete URL operation on the API 01:30 Delete 17 protocol binding relationship (perform an operation outside the change execution plan, delete the 17 protocol minding relationship) January 8th, 02:25-03:50 Root Cause Identification and Emergency Recovery: 04:06 There is a gap in root cause identification, as operation logs were not obtained for fault localization. (Lack of organizational, insufficient engineer experience) 04:36 Provide a bypass OPI recovery solution and request the customer to execute it. January 8th, 06:03 January 3rd Main Issue: January 8th, 01:11--01:30 11 Review, Three-Level Approval o iHigh-risk operations are included in the unauthorized trust list: The trust list is published by the rep office. But list ist is not approved by the process owner BPO, Performing operations outside the approved solution: delete 17 Seven prutacol binding relationships, a Insufficient post-change business verification: Business verification was not strictly conducted according to the plan, and the fault was not detected in advance. & January lith, 84: 06-04 36 Monitor business sapact and initiate incident procedures: At 02:25, the FO по monitoring system detected a decline in KPI and escalated it to 10 for handling (the post change business verification was insufficient, and the fault was not identified in advance). At engineer confirmed that the business was affected. At 03:50, the CS manager reported the incident to GTAC. Business Recovery, Issue Closure After executing bypass DPI, the service is restored. Huawel Confidential Case Study 2 Cave At 07:51, the Background: In 2025, an incorrect adjustment of the fixed-tere license for the 36 Radio Network Controller (RNC) led to service disruption, resulting in customer complaints Day One The next day at 20:00 15:00 Day Seven, 16:00 tain the License File 1. The Fixed-term license of an RNC has expired. Processing Procedure 2. The SSD provides a fixed term license to the engineer. 3. The engineer created an RFC and planned to perfore Engineer performs License update operations at night The engineer operated in the early morning. Due to the HSDPA resources exceeding the PS throughput configuration, the feature The engineer operated again during the day 1. The engineer attempted to reduce the HSDPA resources of the License the following Customer Bill of Lading Maintenance Team Analysis The representative office received a customer issue report Background The project supported the client in implementing a rapid blocking function for an Al and a large number of Vitis as required by the report requesting an investigation into a decline in traffic volume constraints were not wet, and the license could not be the operation that night, activated. The engineer adjusted the fixed-term License during the day but did not submit an RFC ticket, on an ANC. afternoon and successfully activated the License. 3. The 30 Radio Network Controller (RNC) reported a License resource alarm, but the engineer did not detect or address the alarm. The analysis revealed that the decline in call volume was due to insufficient License resources. An emergency expansion of the HSDPA resources and Ps throughput configuration in the License resolved the issue. After the operation, there was no check to see if the business status had deteriorated (alarms, performance, etc.) 7 Confidential Huawei Confidential & Definition of network change, the relationship between network operations and network changes Concept Definition Network Operation Network operations refer to scenarios where the operating device is commected to a commercial network, including two types of operations network changes (such handware replacement, parameter adjustments, and software upgrades) and operations that do not involve network changes (such as deta queries, collection, and backup). This does not include scenarios where the operating device is not connected to a commercial network. Note: Two scenarios where the operating device is connected to a commercial network. 1. The tobe operated equipment has been connected to the commercial network and is currently carrying commercial services, 2. The to be operated equipment is connected to the commercial network but is not carrying commercial services (eg, test. equipment already connected to the live network, newly installed engineering equipment). Network Change Service operations that cause changes to the customer's commercial network equipment (software/handware), structure, configuration, etc., within the following scope, including but not limited to equipment software upgrades, patch updates, hardware replacements, data configuration, and network structure adjustments. Scope Allers carrying commercial wars and the networks connected to thee, including but not limited to commercial networks, testbeds connected to commercial networks, and newly built network elements connected to commercial netsorks, Artwerk thenges Network Operation Mhentheto-be-operatedequipment isconnectedtothecommercialnetwock, making changes on such equipment must follow the network change managementprocess. Thechangereavest (BECticket) Janteed, 1 Significance of Ret Changes Introduction to Network Change Management Process Contents 9 ) Introduction to IT Capabilities for Network Change Management of Introduction to Event on Duty Process Huavel Confidential what is the Betwork Change Management ProcessName Митися Change Definition Service operations that cause changes to the customer's commercial network etwork equipment equipment (software/hardware), structure, configuration, etc., within the followi Following scope, inclufing but not limited to equipment software supgrades, patch updates, hardware replacements, data configuration, and network structure adjustments. Scope: All networks carrying commercial users and the networks connected to thee, including but not limited in commercial whers, testbeds connected to commercial networks, and newly built network elements connected to commercial networks. Maintenance Mindow The time period during which customers are permitted to perfore changes such as software grades hardware replacements. 7.15.5 Network Change Management Before the change Tack Trigger Maintenance Contract or Single Sign Contract Event Duty Trigger 118 Issue handling trigger Requirement Analysis Solution Development the change Service Observation Change Summary Three Solution Review and Verification During the change Solution Implementation and Service Verification After the ree Approvals Software Upgrade Typical Scenario 10 Patch date andare went Process Changs RA Replacement adjustments of configuration Service Request Implementation Technical Service Report Huawei Confidential Overview of Network Change Management Process Reterk Change Management Process Change Regret Solution Development Solution Review and Verification 1. Clarify change requirements 2. Develop an initial implementation solution for the change 3. Confirm the implementation solution 4. Onfire the responsible person for changes 3 Network change request (RFC) 11 6. Develop a change implementation solution 7. Change scene hardware application Three Approvals B. LI technical review 9. 12 Technical Review 18. 13 technical review 11. Schutti validation and evaluation 12. Application for software change 13. Implement the verification plan KCP KCE KCP 14. To approval 15. PM approval 15. Customer approval Solution Impineentation and Service Verification 17. Assign and execute tasks 18. Prepare for implementation 15. Implementation 25. Determine change rollback 26. Perform a rollback operation Service Observation Change Summary 20. Implementation assurance 21. 11 change inpinmentation exserate 22. 12 change Implementation assurance 21. Management of technical issue access process 24. Monitor network operations KCP 27. Submit the network change delivery document 28. Analyze the root reuse of fallure 24. Accсират 30. Network device Information refresh request 31. Close REC Huawel Confidential Change Requirement Analysts 1/2 scope analysis and risk level assessment Change Requirement Malsis Schutin Delopment St Verification Three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service vice Verification Service Observation Change Summary Upon receiving the task, the change analyst shall confire the requirements and within 1 day Kay Activities Task Widow (CRLF

Ln. 1. Col 110225 203.179 charactersevaluation 12. Application for software change 13. Implement the verification plan KCP KCE KLE 14. TD approval 15. PM approval 16. Customer approval Solution Implementation and Service Verificatam 17. Assign and execute tasks 18 Prepare for implementation 19. Implementation 25. Determine change rollback 26, Perform a rollhack operation Service Observation Change Summary 20. Implementation assurance 21. 11 change implementation assurance 22. 12 change Implementation assurance 23. Management of technical Issue access process 24. Monitor network operations KCP 27. Submit the network change change delivery document 28. Analyze the root cause of failure 19. Acceptance implementation solution 30. Network device information refresh request 31. Close RFC Huawei Confidential Change Requirement Analysis 1/2 scope analysis and risk level assessment Change Requirement Analysis Solution Development Solution Review and Verification Three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Service Observation Change Summary Upon receiving the task, the change analyst shall confine the requirements and scope within 1 day kay Activities Task Trigger Maintenance Contract or Single Sign Contract ITR issue handling trigger Scope Confirmation Requirement Clarification Plan Confirmation SLA (time window of operation) Equipment Confirmation Delivery Model Rish Level Assessment Clarify change requirements 1. Change scenarios: software upgrades, patch updates, network rectifications, network adjustments, etc. 2. Scope of Change First note implementation, or Entire Betwork Change Request Attention 3. Change Plan, Time/Resource Allocation 4. Change of equipment: networks and network elements involved 5. Change SLA requirements: maintenance window time, service interruption time 6. Does the change involve third-party manufacturers or equipment, and what surrounding network elements might be affected? 7. Change delivery model: Representative office delivery, IAC delivery, or XSC remate delivery . Risk level Assessant by change analyst based on the Criteria for Determining the Risk Level" Scoring criteria: Low (54 points) /Middle (5-7 points)/High (8-13 points)/Fatal (14 points and above) 1. For customer implementation, Huawei is not responsible for (TD/PM/customer approval) and implementation. 2. In maintenance scenarios, the third-party products are not supported. The customer shall contact the third party manufacturer for support. 3. Assessing the risk level is the mist Important activity in this step. The mistaken result would lead to failure of change operation, which is due to lack of technical review. Typical Casei rolled hack within the customer permitted time windse, resulting in customer losses. Upon the backtracking, the risk assessment not conducted properly. A high-risk operation was incorrectly classified as low risk, and the solutiin not escalated to 12 for thorough review. 12 Huawei Confidential Risk Classification Standards for Carrier Business and Enterprise Business Carrier: Fatal/high/medium-risk change requests must be escalated Enterprise: Fatal/high risk change requests must be escalated the 12 review for bath Carrier and Enterprise, the fatal-r For the three approvals Case: In 2023, a change operation on the data communication products falled and was t fatal-risk operation must have the 12 assurance during implementation Carrier Risk Classification Risk Level fatal High Low Risk Score mandatory Risk Fatal High Enterprise Classification Risk Score 14 or above Technical Review 12/11 Engineer (Mandatory) on duty support during implementation theo Medium Low Risk Score 14 or above 8-13 5-7 Technical Review 12/11 Engineer (Randatory) On duty support during implementation 12/13 Ingineer (Mandatory) 12/13 Engineer (Mandatory) and other of Carried Medium 124 and t) Change Requirement engineer to support during implementation based on demand. Frontline Engineer Scoring Criteria Special Scenarios 345 Operation Category Customer Concern Change Operation datory) Enger (Optional) The frontline applies 12 TAC engineer to support as mandatory The frontilhe applies 12 TAC engineer to support during implementation bated Confidential Change Requirveent Analysis 2/2 - Make the network change reque Criteria Customer Concern 345 13 Operation Service Network Adjustment Betwork Level Huawe Scoring Solution Development Solution Review and Verification three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Service Onservation Change Summary Key Activitated Al Suppose Product & and Product Analysis cution onnitiate Implementation During the same time period, multiple products need to undergo simultaneous change operations. How can these operation for the should be created for each product and associated If there is any change in the solution for t one product way affect the speration of other products, how to create operation might have an Product 8. The change er of product. A creates a RFC tick from three different product lines. Both of the products are products and C. Q2 when a change operation, responsible for organizing re-evaluation of the change solution for products and C. A2 Assuming that Product A needs to be operated, we need to evaluate what kind of Impact the requirements, make communication with Technical Director task can be escalated to the second-level of third-level reviewers respectively 14 Deveing an initial implementation plan: Based Implementatiom plan Change Request primarily reviews the timeline and resources. Communicate task to assess the impact on other prod RFC ticket and assiges a review task for Product this review tor (TD), formulate a change implementation plan with the client, Lent, explain the purpose and risks, form and hange request (RFC Ticket): Based on the change requirements and scope, create a change ( such equipment must follow network change management process. The shange request line, one RFC ticket is needed, 3. OneCticket is only correspond to change more time windowwever, the time correspond to one salation 5. For high frequency, lowerisk change operations, the changes on Requirement Analysis Salation Dewliet Plan Review (MOP) Key Activities Develop change meded for different product categories. Fur different product-family under sa the same operation scenario, one BFC ticket can be used plan. Confirm the change implementation plan: Within one week, the Change Manager responsible person for the change and initiate the change execution. Make the change request the client's feedback. Identify the responsibl designate an appropriate solution developer Note: 1. When the to be operated equipment is connected to the commercial ticket) is needed; 2. Separate change requests (RIC tickets) implementation plan, 4. For repeated operations on the same type of network element span from completing the first-line technical review and submitting it to To approval executed in accordance with the "Network Change Operation Scenario Trust list Management Guidelines and verification Three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Servics Observation ChaeTrust-list solution template can called execution of the implementatiim operati Socument Huawer Confidential Develop the change implementats Dange Summary change implementation solution, is structured and treplated, salution Change Requirem method of procedure (MOP) Kay be referenced High-level fictions Change Request Ticket Attention for tation Solution Trust list requirements, tion Bever perform any operations beyond the risks during ment: 1. To eliminate steps, the rollhack steps, and network operatiom sbservation. al spare parts are sufficient. 15 Change Solution Developmen Fitical network elements, the method of procedure (0) must be developed by technical engineers of procedure (MOP) according to the "Change Implemen Sementation solution template with frust-list scanarie. It chnical revli implementation solution Change Risk Level Hardware Applica business not involved Hardware Request Change Implementation the change steps, to assess whether local Fatal/high risk operations on crtic template or a successfully implemented HOP instance in the solution center must be wind, and the level 1 technical Engineering Design dute holde drafted in accordance with frust plement list, scripts, parameters. 3. In truit list scenarios, scenario descriations. 4. In trust list scenarios, POP does not require technical review by default. However, technical and published by the shed by the technical team in individual business nt Change Scenario Hardware Application If hardware end for TAC or remote delivery, TAC or X can provide a hardware requirements list, and 90% readiness Old Engineers need to develop application process, for TAL Operation Optimization 1: HOP Template is with 10% r Kun frue Technical Review Old 11 technical rev) Scenario of Network Change Operati Optimization Validity period of three Approval is 1 months, tid TD/PM approval is vell approval 16 Optimization di Lass Dutting 014: 5 Analysis Solution Develoument Sclution Review and Verification Diree Acerovals Solution Inclementation and Service Verificat erucial applied office engineers Satisfy & essential elements the purpose and target of the change, worth in avance required, submit the request to the spare parts manager requirement about the level Competence and Qualification solution developer does not meet the CAQ Love standard cuments such as the Product Raruel, Version Desini the HP thould be consistent with the sue of the uncluting antent cope of the operations are consistent with the trust llit Frontline MOP template Engineer Spare Application and Return Management Ste it with the elication Conflantial for that t New Technical review is mandatory by detail valid for 1 months P1010 Service Dservetim Chales Summary Testoical Review: Three-tier technicalre ditting points by default New 2 dotting points starting polit, finishing point 190 mpment the change

L1C12063 203.179 characters

ASUS Vivobook

11:00 AM 4/71/2006Edit View

approval 16 Optimization 4 Less Dotting ting Old Old: S dotting points by default New 2 dotting points: starting point, finishing point 190 Ispirent the change Huawei Confidential Prepare for the change Implementation Change Requirement Analysis Solution Development Solution Review and Verification Three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Service Observation Change Summary Technical Review: Three tier technical approval process from 11 to 12 to 1) Key Activities Lt Technical Review Three Party Responsibility View Change Request Ticket Implementation Solution 12 Technical Review Evaluation of Solution Verification 13. Technical feview Implementation of Solution Verification for Trust-list scenarios, the technical revive is on demand, Attention: 1. The technical revisu for level 1, 2, 1 must follow the checklist of technical review. 2. When there are multiple levels of reviners for the same MOP, the reviewer at the final stage is responsible for the review outcome. 3. for operation in Trust-11st Trust-list scenario, technical review can be conducted needed. 17 In carrier business, for operations with anflum, high fatal risk levels, 12 technical review is requ required; In enterprise business, for operations with high or critical risk levels, 12 technical revive is required; Technical review apinanaplementation Solution Verification result When the solution developer and 11 technical reviewer are the same, 12 technical review is required; Solution Verification: For the first high risk/fatal risk speration in the same change scenario and the sam 100% verification is required (using methods such as test beds, ilab, and experimental project). Software or fools or licenses application. Implementation Verification Plan: Versions, patches, licenses, and tand software installed the customer's nebaik must come from the company's compliant channels, such as support wetisite or Havel tool market If the software upgrade requires apdating the license, apply the license according to the "Comercial License Issuance Process based on the contract number. 1. If verification is required, complete the verification of within 5 days after the revine is passed, ine is passed, record the results in the RFC, and upload the Verification Report to the IT system (eg, Netcare), 2. There are three methods of verification test bed verification, laboratory verification, and live network first node verification, Haw Confidential Network Change Management Network Change Management Three Approvals KPI Change Requirement Analysis Solution Development Solution Review and Verification KCP KCP3 three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Service Observation Change Summary Key Artiνιτίες ΚΕΡΙ ΤΟ To Approval Teche Technical revien upinions leplementation Solution KCP2 PM Approval Verification result Note: TD approval and approval can be executed in parallel, the customer approval must be completed after 10/ coral Attention. The change operation cannot be proceeded without the customer approval, which must be acquired in the written fore. Betwork Changes. When the operational scenarie complies with the "Brtwork Change Operation Scenario Trust list, the approval validity period for 10/PM is set to 3 months by default within the customer's authorization period. 18-10 Approval conducted in accordance with the "TD Technical Approval husthess. For instance, the To of engineering/10 project shall approve the BIC for Changes; 3) When the POP was net approved in the 12 or 13, normally the RFC cannot TD approver and Pt approver aust be huawel employee and their 240 must follow the "Guidelines for Hierarchical Approval Manag Checklist. КСРЭ KCP3 Custumer Approval Implementation Solution Solution To ceinton FM opinion Customer approval 1) 10 is responsible for the approval of the respecti engineering/m scenario. 2) The 10 should be awel employee and his Implemented. If customer or local offic e decision opinion should be uploaded to the item, customer's authorization period. 4) In trust-list scenario, the validity period for 10/PH prosalists, the tumer approval month, reject it. 2. The either electronic or paper form. accordance with "PM Approval Checklist. 1. For change requests requiring a extension period longer application according ting to the Service Request Application Template and sulmit for Implementation steps, authorization for related data handling, etc. Confidentia authority to approve change requests. (fatal, high, medium, lom). Project appointment is approve change requests. Risk Level Fatal High China Lou Score 18 prints or above points CAO Level 2 (80 Level 74 points and below (BQ Level 2) (AQ Level 213 In 3 CAQ Level engineer who meets the capability requirements to perfore the approval, with authorization but the CPO will designats SOP Management Process FAQ Q What are the qualification requirements for 10/PK approvers? Enterprise Responsible person from Red Line Position, Maintenance TO from Red Line Positice, Enterprise Nets Risk Level Fatal High China authorization from Country Process Duner (CPO) approve change requests certification CBQ Level 2 Level 2 or holding It C60 Level 2 Level the fatal risk RIC, the maintenance TD is responsible for final technical approv HCSA-PM, HCM & certification 4 points and below CAQ Level 2 Level 3 holding network approvals provals must be handled by in house personnel. 4) company level hay qualification criteria for retaining the approval authority 23 The 3 system position in vacant, but but the system has a qualified candidate & Business Verification KEPA Change Rement rent Analysis Solution Development Solution leplementation Solution Topinion Conta Changes KCPE Root Cause Analysis of fallure thing theoring DAS director were held accountable. Attention Implement Task Assign All operations The personnel meeting the capability requirements and wit Maintenance len and his CSO meets the Guidelines for itherarchical Approval Managment of Sterk on, 10 shall escalate it to the Bry Account Team and the Rep Office Dellery & service should be awel employee and his CBQ meetings approval rules Customer cereal Prepare the soproval elements include: operation time window, access Jacation/ethof, accm, competencies of TD approver and It approver Carrier Business By default, the To & Mainted by the project have the authorization from Country Process Oper (CPO) may rejects PM Request Note PD Raintenance SPM appointed bv projects ( Level 2153 responsthin for the final technical approval. 2) 10/ble to approve, cetained from designated personel. 7,15.5tr Change 1) 1) Approval Enterprise Maintenan project 150 and with the personnel meting the copality and with pertire the 180 Love Nilang authorization but not responsibility. 3) Com tenance network TO responsibility (140 Leve) fault, the 10 appointed by lon, have tharity 14 points CHO Level Level the CPO will designate 10/Approvals Selett Operation Monitoring sitted, leading Implementatiom required Icatim approval, Answer: 13 The 10/approver's original tara has expired, and they at the the CPO, they may perform at ted 19 Confidential Bitsorts Change Management Change Islamentution Service (bservation Change Summary Kay Activities Customer to restore. The should wet the Typical Case Cust mpetency Certificate (PPCC) The Certificate (OC) They sh the solution, including databas 160 requirements (For enterprise business, only CSC is required.) Change Implementation Preparation tify on duty tipport personnel and Change lnciementation Results relevant parum. If second on third instrument, remote access preparation, etc. Before speration, it is sary Buty Press should be lied hack within the operation window, it is necessary to ke cannot be completed olid hack onfire the results with customer falle POLRES Root Cause Analysis event operation (five standard checkpoints during the operation process) If the Retuck peration Observation: After spremation, the interne addressed! Anter. According Determination Swidelines, including Replay, Analysis, 12/13 review reca Change Management Introduction to Exception Scenari Hamling Question If anomalies occur during the implementation of changes chass Management Process," retion within the planned tree, serious probis requiring roll rollback), how show they net saar, based on the peretion Solheckout Carte CAL

ASUS Vivobook

LEDAM 4/21/2004When the reasons for the rollback are clearly identified as involving multiple factors, the determination should be cess, if an implementation anomaly occurs (such as issues arising during the change operation that prevent normal continuation, failure to complete the change operation within the planned time, or serious problems in the change operation requiring a rollback), During Implementation, strictly adhere to the principles of "one step, one check" (for operations that may impact services, verify whether "Fallstop" (when an operation does not meet expectations, promptly halt the operation, confirm with the assurance expert, and only proceed or revert after customer confirmation), for issue handling, invoke the "ITRA, & Management operation results meet expectations) and Technical Issue Handling Process, and notify the ANS Manager. Serious issues must be immediately communicated to the Deputy Representative of the Delivery Department, the Director of the System Department, personnel. In the event of an urgent recovery, the process outlined in the "Management of Emergency Recovery should be followed to organize the handling. If the operations to be performed are assessed by test, and other relevant impacts or scopes that exceed the plan or the authorized time window, customer authorization must be obtained before proceeding. Additionally, the technical team's evaluation conclusions and the customer's authorization must be technical tran to have documented in writing. If the operation is canceled before implementation begins, proof of cancellation (such as customer emails, meeting minutes, etc.) must be uploaded to the IT systes. If the Implementation of the change has exceeded 10 days since the review of the change plan, or if the ID assessment network Information has changed, the original change ticket must be canceled, and a new change order must be created for re-review 21 Have Confidential Huawel Confidential 22 Introduction to kollhack Backtracking Rules Name Content Root Cause Determination Principle 1. When made in the following order to promote Huawel's Improvement: "Product Quality" "Service Quality" "Customer Cooperation" "Customer Environment" "Force Majeure. 2. When hoth the customer and we are at fault of the root cause is unclear, priority should be given to determining it asa Huawei issue. 3. When the cause of the fault is not yet clear or cannot be determined (such as when there are no logs/data records to support fault localitation, or when there are logs/data reconds but they still cannot support fault localization), it is generally concluded as a "product quality root cause Note: When determining a root cause, it is necessary to provide the analytical process and relevant evidence, and to record and archive it in the corresponding IT system. 4. For Issues encountered during the implementation of changes that were not resolved in a timely and effective manner, inading to a rollback, separate analysis and Improvement can be conducted. However, this does not affect the determination of the root cause of the operational rollback. Rep Office CS Manager/MS Director/MATD Director Conduct a comprehensive comprehensive analysis of the root cause determination in both the analysis and retrospective phases, revine all reasons for rollback and Improvement seatures, and take responsibility for the accuracy of the final root cause. Network Change Management Acceptance and Closure Change Requirement Analysis Solution Development Solution Review and Verification Three Approvals Solution Implementation and Service Verification Service Observation Change Summary Key Activities Customer Change Implementation Results Huawei Acceptance Confirmation Document Delivery Acceptance Update Netserk Installed Base Third party Attention: Close Change Ticket Acconting to the 615 Operation Trustworthiness Management Regulations, data destruction is carried out in accordance with legal regulations and customer requirements. For cases where local laws and regulations do not specify requirements and the customer authorization does not explicitly state deletion policies and deadlines, data will be deleted within 90 days after completion of use. 21 Submit Network Change Delivery Documents software version, product manuals, and other required materials. Submit the Technical Service Report within the days of successful lap Technical Service Report Acceptance Certificate Acceptance Implementation Plan. If the contract stipulates that arruptance is required, the acceptance test will te conducted jointly with the client based on the acceptance criteria, and an acceptance certificate will be signed. Hetwork Installed Base Info should be updated within 18 working days after implementation. It is optionel for enter business. Close Change Tickets (RFC): All change operations on a change ticket must be completed within one month, after which the change ticket must be cinsed. Once the operations have been implemented, the change ticket.net be canceled. Huawei Confidential Huawel Confidential 24 Process Performance Metrics Change solution review timeliness rate (13/12/13) Indicator Definition The proportion of impineentation plans that received timely pleang all plats requiring review Purpose of Setup Fromote the timeliness of change reviews to ensure the prompt completion and quality of changes, Calculation formula Change Plan Review Timeliness Rate uber of Change Tacketed in Time During the Statistical Period/Number of ChangeTasks Completed During the Statistical Period 100s Change implementation success rate Indicator Definition The number of successful implementations during the statistical period on a portage of the total number of Ispireentationsduring the statistical period Purpose of Setup Facilitate the successful implementation of changes Calculation formula 100% (ter of successful implementations during the statistical period/Total number of implementations during the statistical period) Note: 1) The number of successfully implemented changes during the statistical period fotal number of change implementation tickets during the statistical pr of rollback implementation tickets during the statistical period 2) Statistical Scope: Count based on change implementation tickets esecuted stiral count of rollback occurrences without referencing the root cause of the rollbackaction Implementation Orders 4) Task Type: All operation implementation orders involving change scenarins 5) Implement a single Time Points: Date for the previous month is extracted on the 1st of each month (postponed in case of halldays); quarterly assesse is based on the data extracted from January 1st of the following year for the previous year Rollback and backtracking timelin statistical period to the total number of change rollbeck onters during the same period, Purpose of Setup Facilitate timely completion data rate Indi change the current network, excluding test drill tidets. 3) Taik Status Count Completed Dange extracted the 1st of the following quarter for the prevlis quarter; annual an die Definition of change orders that have been rolled hack during the trainability Calculation formila 100 of tickets FRC tickets requiring high level wrification during the same per been completed with high level Ificatim wet the elification ring the statistical completed during the statistical period / Number of change reilback orders required during the statistical period) High-rish core it operation personnel qualificati on requirements during the statistic that have been completed with high-level wrification and weet the qualif period to total mustier (Carrier) Indicator Definition The The high-qualification compliance rate has achieved the 100% target. Calculation formula 100% (The proportion of RFC tickets that the 4 Key Control Points (ECP) is the network change management 25 pref Office) Semi-Annual Control NetCare) ment (SACA) (Representative Office) KCP KCP Name Cantrellement ATT Implementation operstim, it will be considered compliance will proved by the 30 or 170 in accordance with the Beer Change cal approved by plant. If they they de, it period to the total number of IRC tickets requiring high level verification during the same period) Mini Quiz What 26 KCP3 Key Control Point (KP) of Network Charge Management Process QuarterlyCompliance Test (CT) (Representative Office) Som Approval 8201 Outain To approval before implementing changes, F 10 approval has already been completed (1) approval completed authorized approver, if the ID approver considered non-compliant K102 The TO approver over is is the the appointed To pliant, otherwise, it is considered nom-compliant KCO). The qualifica Approval Management Guidelines, it is considered compliant, oth check whether the authorized approver seets the corresponding qualificatio RPO approval record, it "Network Change Hierarchical Approval Management idelines, check whether compilant KCPZ RPO approval record. If there is an BPO record, it is considered compliant If there is cordance with the "Network Change Hierarchical Approval Management Guidelines, the formally appointed it or an approver approved by the CPN Compliant. COT: The qualifications of the approver meet the competency authorized approver wts the corresponding onding qualificatio relification requirements. If they do, it is consideredcompliant. If they den there is no 870 approval record, It is considered con compilant KEPS Customer 001 Cain customer authorization before imple considered al completed on BetCare) has already been obtained before the implantation operation, it is considered compliant, otherwise, it is considered complant CO. The is the pint Goldlines for herarchical Approval Manage of Cha fore implementing changes, if customer approval has been obtained prior tim, it will be considered compliant, otherwise, it will be do compliant (78) Whether the key elements in the customer authorization are complete attachment. The customer authorisation includes all critical information fatin elements such as maintenance fees, tortassat, and

1s considered non-come-art, XCOS: Constancy system-recorded customer

LnC343300 2018 alter

to record in the system matches the actual conten

una

ACLOUEView

is considered non-compliant. KCO3: Consistency between system-recorded customer authorization and actual customer authorization, if the customer authorization recorded in the system matches the actual customer authorization wer (soch as the object of operation, operation time, etc.), it is considered compliant; otherwise, it is considered non compliant, KCO4: Consistency between customer authorization and implementation, if the actual ImgInmentation operations (such as implementation objects, implementation time) are consistent with the customer's authorization, it is considered compliant; otherwise, it is considered non-compliant KCP Root Cause Analysis of Fallure XCOI Root Cause Analysis of Failures; If the root cause of the last recorde ast recorded change in the system complies with the "Guidelinesfur Determining the Root Cause of Operational Rollbacks, it is considered compliant, otherwise, it is considered son compliant. Requirement Clarification and Scope Confirmation Change Preparation Implementation Acceptance and Closure Change Analysis MonthlyOperational Managreent (Headquarters & Representative Offices) KCP KCP KCP2 Significance of Network Changes #2 Introduction to Network Change Management Process Contents 27 81 Introduction to IT Capabilities for Network Change Management at Introduction to Event on Duty Process Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 20 Introduction to the IT Tools related to Network Change Operations The implementation of network changes operation is more than 1 million times in s year. We expect the tools may control the trusted key elements (personne), plans, authorization, accounts, data) to ensure compliance, achieving "the right people, at the right time, with the right plan, doing the right thing. An Investigation into ITR Incidents over the past three years revealed that the situation of network change operations. To ensure the stability of the live network, there is an urgent need to develop trusted capabilities, Before the change During the change After the charge Personnel managed in the pipeline Operation managed in the pipeline Person Authorization Solution Access Implement Irment Assurance Verification Access to the site is managed Qualified person High quality solution The website is authorized Access with authentication The risks associated with the task are controllable Operation assurance The result is highly efficient confirmation Network operations managed in pipeline Network Change Network Operation Facial Recognition Fingerprint recapition Graphical Interception Automatic Entry and Exit Recognition Install Netcare Client Account Management Covering scenarios across all Bus Network Change Network Operation Certificate Verification Fatigue Driving Detection Salation Experience Library Solution Element Verification Intelligent Solution Recommendation Tool-assisted review Three Approvals All elements are in place Automatic data deletion Complete virus scan Access tool is legal Personal Access Verification High-risk command Interception Implementation Process ess Management PS3 Monitoring CCR Monitoring Experts intervene urgently to restore operations Service Comparison Toul Supported: Betwork Communicat lon Cloud Core wireless Hoult Division Tool SDK Interception Log Audit Graphical Interception 12/13 Assurance High Core Qualification Management TD/PM Hierarchical and Graded Management Corporate capabilities need taprovement Capabilities to se steratively optimized Capacity Scale Application Legend GTS Operation Trustworthiness Ranagement Regulations Solution Center Authorization Center High-quality Change Implementation Solution (OOP) essential elements (0) 1. 2. 3. 456. 7. 8. 9. Change Purpose and Time Network Element. Information Change Equipment Operation Status Check Change Risk Assessment and Ritigation Measures Change Steps Service Testing and Verification Definition of Change fallure Rallhark Plan Network Operation Observation Solution Center 29 Salution Center @ietCare Huawei Confidential Navel Confidential 30 NetCareAuthorization Center Ensures Compliance with Authorization Sets Online channels Offline Tools Authorization Center fietCare https://netcare.huawei.com 1.Authorized Data Data 2.Licensor ). Authorized Party 4. Purpose of Authorization of Authorization S. Authorized Usage Duration 6.Scope of Authorization Transfer 7.Does It contain personal datal Business Scenario Client Organization Authorized Party Operation Time Operation Type Operating the product Job Order Number Seven Elements of Authorization Offline signing Care Website Care APP Text message meil Custom Authorization Sample (Email Approval) Recommendation Method Authorization Center BetCareClient Controls Operation Compliance NetCareClient Main functions fully covered Virus scan, veren Persone Compliance fa Scanning, Fingerprint Recognition, Verification Compliance with Assignments: Approved Work Orders, Authorization Time traced back Operation screen recording can be Official software acquisition cha high risk command interception 31 Login Interface Reset slot Fingerprint recognition Facial recognition High risk command interception Virus scan huawei Confidential High-risk Operation Interception Capabilities introducti technical methods: No RFC ticket, tool cannot be activated 1 Interception tool Cloud Terminal Compliance fool List Interception Strategy/Method Work Order/Authorization Detection Tool/kg Starterfication Order Authorization If: Ne work orders in this period If: Query form Initiate tool interception 33 Query ticket, high risk operations are intercepted. 2 Intercept comman Strategy/Hethe a work Order/Authoriza tion Detection: Input high risk command Verification: Wors Order Category Initiate High-Risk command Interception 3 Intercupt graphical operations S Interception Strategy/Method work Order/Authorization Detection Pop-up Route Detection Verification: Work Order Category It: Query Fore Initiate High Risk Operation Interception & Intercept operation Strategy/Methodson Strategy/ether Order/Authoriza tion Tacl Login Code Authentication with NetCare Receive loud wuthentication code Permissions Self-developed tools (such as Smartkit) Same as to BTC ticket 5 Intercept operations that exceed the authorized the authorized time window Initiate tool interception Huawei Confidential Order/Authorization Detection Tool/artwork Management Startup Verification: Work Order Authorization Time If: This period excel Order/Authoriza Drection to Betwork Change Management Process Contents 33 #3 Introduction to IT Capabilities for Network Change Management Of Introduction tr Overview Revision in 2025 This process mutlines the key activities in for event on duty support, standardlies the procedures, and ensures delivery quality Camera Pance activities, J. Incorporate process performance indicators, the "Betwork Change Operation Management Process; 2. Add third-line on duty assurance activities, lee Document Code insite Service Operation Manual 1703000 2 Daily Incident Duty Report Template B0000178tothehe and Respong Poston Second time duty support personnel Second theiressile for providing time duty Deer, Betwork Optimization Technical Support Engineer Implemented ty rance requirements. GTAC Product Engineer, Regional TAL Product Engineer, Netw presentative Office Product Line Maintenance Affon Duty Revo the retimality of duty, and for escalating to the third line based on the assurance work, sand the daily duty report. Project Maintenance Engineer, Representative developed command Line High Risk Command Library for Products Interceptis Lams SOK Plugin Software Package (Small Model) g related assurance activities are to be carried out in accordance with 143 Huawei Confidential Hamel Confidential 35 Process Performance Intiratus, accordance with the dity plan specifications. Based on the day's duty work, the Lead, Representative Office CS Manager, Service Delivery Manager (1) Three Line duty duty assignments. Approve different tasks based on the type of duty application. Prejes providing technical assurance for issues escalated to the third line during duty hours, KAD PRO, RAD Product Engineer, RAD Performance Engineer, Producti schedules, daily network duty reports, duty summaries, etc. Regularly plate customers on the stat the status of the duty during the monitoring for on-duty operations. Organize and compile emergency response plans, duty schedules, Responsible for closing the duty roster Representative Office Product Line Maintenance Tie Indicator Name Purpose of Setup Calculation formila 1 Jotal number of vert duty in ponsibilities Process Performance Indicators thank you 507.15 tone Value Present ance Value Presentation 01 The Platform of Maintenance Service Value Prat Assurance Number of duty support orders/tasks summed within the statistical period Ansorlated Assets Rules and Respons Commercial Essance valse Introduction 01 Background of Maintenance Service Value Presentation Contents 282 Process Introduction to the Managed Maintenance Maintenance "Rain is inevitable, the key is whether you have a good c primary value of maintenance: ensuring stable network operation and creating commercial must be purchased, but it's best not to wie it!" Losses caused by network issues The mainstream telecommunications equipment suppliers in the Industry maintain their networks annuelle ding antial The ting on IND. The sunce of ازياء mount to approximately 218 million 150, with direction Ident lasted for 4 hours and 25 alutes, affecting primately 10.4 will more than 1,400 network Incidents 2. The direct losses caused by related Itters/accidents losses for operators. Case 1. Softbars of Japan Case Case 2: 2: AT AT&T in the thited States The Incident lasted The government regulatory t 21% (474 150) 12000 ssers were unable to dial 955 for 3 hours capability of competitors, leating Prevention and Response Mechantie Preventative metenance Al and digital platform Rear Allfire feperience Databas W wel

1 Cat 154568 20.1.191 charactersunable to dial 911 for $ hours. capability of competitors. Leading Prevention and Response Mechanism Preventative maintenance Reactive maintenance Al-based digital platform NetCare Al-assisted Platform Experience Database & Clear Global Maintanance System The government regulatory body issued a 35.25 million fine. Fewer Incidents: Network downtime is Set of that of competitors. Fast Recovery: 1 hour recovery, twice the tier technical support organization 1TR/50.15 process 1. Over 5000 maintenance engineers investment of capability building Experienced team of experts Through Huawei's reliable, secure, efficient, and professional maintenance services, we assist operators in... Contractual and High-Quality Service Rapid resolution of ers deployed globally 2. Second-line (G) TAC 1800+ Technical Engineer 3. 7000 880 Engineers in the Third Line of the Institution 4. Constant network issue Ensure the stable, reliable, and secure network operation & maintenance 3 Enhance network availability and protect customer revenue Share global service experiences Assure the customer return on investment Protect customer investments Help customer improve operational efficiency Huawel Confidential Strategy: Systematic operation, Formulated accordingly Current Situation Observation Communication frequency and format: Limited opportunities for contact, with a primary frequency of semi annual or quarterly intervals, reports are primarily presented in the fore of lon, with different levels of customer concerns presented in different forms and contents, categorized and PPTs and thematic emails. Customer Senior level Customer Middle-level Customer Base-level Communication Content: High-level, summary report of achievements, emphasizing the value points of maintenance services for customers: "Safety Assurance, Network Security." Limited communication opportunities Communication frequency and format: The primary forms of presentation are monthly and quarterly reports, with routine maintenance reports being sent out regularly. Communication Content: Summary of phased delivery progress, Strategy formulation Seize key events, meticulously plan, and focus on enhancing customers' experience perception at critical moments. Carefully strategize, thoroughly prepare, and create highlight moments. The presentation of value is not limited to conventional reporting materials. By employing immersive simulation exercises and on site visits, its, we enhance the engagement of senior strengthen their tangible perception of maintenance services. Not understanding customer concerns highlighting risk challenges, solution plans, major operations, and problem solving capabilities, Monthly/Quarterly Report The maintenance report is primarily in the form of... Communication Frequency and Format: Demonstr Demonstrate the value of daily work during the delivery pricess, and provide irregular thematic business reports to showcase the construction and enhancement of thematic capabilities to clients. Communication Content Enhance customer perception through the service itself. Provide periodic thematic business reports to showcase the development and leprovement of thematic capabilities. Conduct technical exchanges to enhance the technical skills of maintenance experts. Demonstrating the Value of Daily Mork Irregular Special Reports Source of Information: PVC Strategy Gonal Operator Survey, P Strategy Marketing Methodology Analysis & Innovative projects have become a key focus for senior management, as they seek new solutions and technologies to enhance quality, increase efficiency, and drive transformatsom Collaborating with clients to explore Innovation is increasingly important. senior clients and Mid-level clients are concerned about network stability, By collaborating with these clients, we conduct in depth network assessments and thematic discussions to effectively identify potential risks and ensure network security. The operations and maintenance department needs to demonstrate business value, regulacly report, organize thematic activities, and quantity velar enhance its visibility, meeting the requirements for performance evaluation and upward reporting. Continuously influence the perception of the delivery process and outcomes at the grassroots level of customers Drough hands a delivery and communication. Conduct technical exchanges with clients on maintenance plans and case studies to enhance mutual capabilities and gain client approval, thereby increasing client loyalty, Huawei Confidential He Confidential S Summary: Strategies and Methods for Demonstrating Maintenance Value Middle management VP of Operations Senior Manager Senior Management EXO/GM Base level Operations Manager T1/Engineer Facas Points Business success Network stability Technical Support Value Presentation Objective Topic Event Carrier Maintenance Service Impression Service Annual Meeting, Maintenance Annual Report, Network Stability Supports Business Suce Success Workshop, Annual Report Brand Tour On-site visit to experience the immense Investment behind maintenance and upkeep GTAC/Spare Parts Offline Visit Major Incident Special Project Major Event Assurance, Social Responsibility Assurance Protect the Tree of Importance, Uphold the Tree of Social Responsibility Quantification of Maintenance Value Reconstruction and Quantification of Maintenance Value to Support Customer Budgeting BC2 fool fapic Event Carrier Issue Resolution Risk Clearance Change Support Spare Parts Support Weekly report, weekly meeting, technical team meeting, reflecting SLA achievement BetCare/Care System NetCare Monthly Report Proactive maintenance artions and outcomes assessments, contingency drills) Develop change plans, review proposals, and , and ensure resource allocation for successful implementation. SPRS, Hardware Maintenance Exchange, Demonstrating Service Capabilities and Value Topli Evert Carrier Network Health Network Health Assessment, Network-Lavel Risk Identification, and Mitigation Health Assessment Criteria Progress Phase Report Maintenance mance Monthly Report, Monthly Maintenance Meeting BetCare Report Thematic Event Collaborate with clients to develop emergency response plans and conduct drills Emergency Plan and Drill Tree Huawei maintains brand Ensure network-wide stability Quick problem resolution Rapid Risk Mitigation Value Presentation Methods for Different Levels of Customers Customers at all levels 01 Overview of Maintenance Service Value Presentation Contents & 02 Process Introduction to Managed Maintenance Value Presentation # The Platform of Maintenance Service Value Presentation Huawei Confidential Huawei Confidential 7 Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation Design Overview Process Name Manage Maintenance Value Presentation Process Merarthy 131.13 Description Manage and maintain the value presentation process, including customer needs analysis, value presentation planning, solution design and execution, as well as summary evaluation. Process Onjective Standard the plasting competitiveness. Process Owner Director of Network Assurance Business, Glumalogy Services Department and execution of value presentation strategies and solutions to ensure cinar and effective communication, thereby enhancing compet tion Tasks (Maintenance Contracts, Value Presentation Requirements Temporarily Triggered Buring Maintenan Previous Process Name 7.15 Support & Assurance Included Next layer process Process Input Information Maintenance Value Presentation Processes) Process Dutput Information Maintenance Value Presentation Annual Flan, Planning and Proposal, Maintenance Value Presentation Raterials, Maintenance Value Presentation Summary Summary and Received the sat of presenting maintenance value. Process Endpoint Maintenance value presentation completed Process EPI Maintain Value Presentation Plan Completion Rate 10 2.15 Support & A 7.15.1 and Plan 7.15.4 Manage Maintenance Value Presentation 7.15.3 Manage Equipment Health Check 7.35.3 Manage Contingency Planning and Drilling 7.15.4 Manage Rotwork Risk Mitigation 7:15. Mallad Set key KPIs such we Strategy process of standardizing and maintaining value presentation (planning, actions, inputs/utputs) is covered Data Process Planning Starting from requirement analysis and ending with value summary, the entire pro coverage rate, tiwitness, and customer feedback to measure the quality of templates/guidelines/summary mechanises, such as proposal documents and delivery plans, to provide tools for value presentation. saintenance value enhancement. Process Design Positioning few Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation process view Process Architecture 7:15.6 Process Hierarchy 14 De conducting standardized maintenance value demonstration actis Service Value Presentation Provide business guidance and recommendatlans to support frontline maintenance organizations revolves around the key demands of customers, systematically presented in a Merarchical manner, defining typical maintenance value presentation activities, and providing list of available maintenance value presentation activity plan and maintenance value presentation requirements, determine the maintenance value presentation strategy, formulate the vale presentation plan, and to it. ce Service Value Presentation Maintenance Services Value Presentation Planning Maintenance Services Value Presentation Planning Preparing for Maintenance Services Presentation Coast Val Maintenance Summarize the presentation of maintanance value Critical fask Maintenance Strategy Business Requirements Attention: Annual Plan Based in the needs and activity plans of different customer trazed value presentation solutions using the BetCare and Three Cimals digital platforms Senior Management Paintain systematic capability demonstrations Specific Event Plan Maintain the value presentatioтасла Center tours), ensure major event support, and organize annual maintenance etings. Riddle agent Customized Solutions Walthiness Exchanges (Joint Delling), etc. Assessment, that Base level: Maintain delivery progress (achievement of maintenance SLAs, spare parts maintenance communication), technical topics, daily maintenance best praction, cave along with experiential assets, the plan includes activity planning, format, scape, frequency, timing, and other information, and value presentation checklist. Confidential Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation Preparing for Paintenance Services Presentati antoname Services Valve Presentationpring for testion Haverage digital platforms sucher and the l rescution of the valor delivery planer to the stone

Lin 1 Col 165403 аст

ASUS Vivobook

JLI AMvalue presentation checklist. 9 Huawei Confidential Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation Preparing for Maintenance Services Presentation Maintenance Services Value Presentation Planning Preparing for Maintenance sance Services ses, sefer to Presentation Execution Maintenance Value Presentation Summarize the presentation of maintenance value Material Analysis and Organization: Qualitative materials (such as current network business analysis, Critical TaskMaint Value Presentation Event Plan Value Presentation Materials Qualitative Analysis and Organization Quantitative Analysis and Organization Attention, maintenance service analysis, progress of major event support, customer fak) Quantitative data (such as maintenance service metrics, maintenance benefit analysis) Organize the review Catering to different levels of customers Value Presentation Materials Organize the evine the thoroughly reviewed in terms of completeness, accuracy, information security, report structure, value presentation, and winding to ensure that the content is highly targeted and meets the needs of the client'anteng that the quality of materials at each level meets the required standards. Key customer demands, event plans, leveraging the digital platform and experience assets of Three Clouds, as well as other relevant best practe the maintenance value presentation checklist. 10 Huawel Confidential Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation Execution and Summary of Value Presentation Maintenance Services Value Presentation Planning Preparing for Maintenance Services Presentation Execution Maintenance Value Presentation Summarize the presentation of maintenance value Critical Task Maintaining Value Presentation Plan and Materials Attention: Imelrent activity resources Implement value demonstration activities Maintaining Value Presentation Event Summary Maintenance clues and opportunity points fapirmenting Activity Resources: Based on the plans at different levels, list the corre resources, customer communication resources, etc., and ensure their implementation: Involving high-level activities, it is necessary to clearly align with leadership resources. For topics related to the expansion of maintenance services and solutions, maintenance industry supervisors, product line maintenance supervisors, and domain experts can be invited. Involving corporate networks, relevant partners leaders and responsible persons can be invited t participate together. Organizational Activity Review: Conduct timely summaries and reviews within regions, representative offices, and project teams, with the support of sthe value presentation summary Includes the achievement status, process summary, customer feedback, etc., to evaluate the effectiveness and satisfact headquarters assisting regions in harvesting experiences. eness and satisfaction of the value the value presentation activities. Promptly enter identified leats and opportunities into the iSale/es system and proceed with the corresponding process. 11 Huawei Confidential Huavel Confidential 12 Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation Additional Process Documentation Kry Event/Activity Summary Project Summary/Annual Meeting Minthly/Quarterly Summary Target Audience Operations Manager Present the main content Cybersecurity risks Main issues, pregress in demand/Service Order Status and SLA Key Work Plan Presentation Positioning to enable grassroots customers to gain a comprehensive and in depth understanding of the maintenance service content and quality for the current with, enhance Interaction and cooperation with customery, establish a reputation for service, and strengthen customer loyalty to havel, Target Audience: C10/CEO Present the main contant Overall Network Operational Quality Service Summary Type, Achievement Presentation/Kje Event Protection Workshop Summary, Super Interface Scenarie Introduction to Huawei's Service System and Future Goals Presentation Positioning: To enable senior clients to understand the key valie services provided by Havel and the benefits they bring to the clients, thereby supporting service sales and maintenance contract renewals. Target Audience: Operations Manager/CTD Present the main content Event Background/kout case of the incident Summary of Huawel's Service Response Follow-up Recommendations Presentation Positioning to provide customers with a comprehensive understanding of the causes and consequences of sudden major mater events, as well as the effective support provided by Huawi services during such events. This will highlight the unique value of maintenance services and enhance stomer satisfaction. Maintain Project Ronthly Report Templates Link Emergency Dr Presentation Guide LOR Rey Event the Annual Meeting of Maintenance Services in Operation Gstide to Large Screen Maintenance Demonstration Link Maintenance Value Presentation Checklist link Huawei Confidential 13 Maintaining Value Delivery Management Process Process Rales and ferformance Indicators Character Bilities Corresponding Position/Role Maintain Value Presentation Responsibility 1. As the primary responsible party, I an accountable for achieving the goal of maintaining value presentation. 2. Responsible for the planning and formulation of value presentation activities. J. Respond promptly to customer needs and organize and execute according to the maintenance value presentation plan. 4. Participate on-demand to maintain value presentation, summarize, and proжете керегтипсих Service Project Manager (51) AIR Value Presentation Maintenance Morking Group 1. Responsible for maintaining information collection and analysis evaluation of value presentation 2. Participate in the saintaname of al material output in the responsible field. 3. Assist in maintaining value presentation responsibilities, participate in the revive of value presentation materials with materials within the assigned domain. 4. Participate in value pres summarize for promotion as needed. Product Engineer Representative Office Maintain Network TD Representation Office Network Maintenance Project Manager Regional Maintenance Responsible Persoм Зухдия Пера 10, 1, 550 Partner Maintenance Project Responsible Person Regional Department/Headquarters: Product Maintenance Expert, Reintenance Industry Expert, GTAC Raintain Value Presentation Revlower Responsible for maintaining the role of sal presentation materials and ensuring the quality of communication materials, System Department AD/FR Heads of Network Assurance Business Departments at All Levels, Heads of turk Asurance and Operation Services Departments Process Rale Process Performance Indicators NO. Intizator Name Purpose of Setse Calculation formule 1 The completion rate of the Maintain value present ation plan The value of completed saintenance during the statistical period reflects the ratio of actual activities to planned activities, Maintenance Value Presentation Plan Completion Rate Completed Maintenance Value Presentation Plan Activities / Planned Maintenance Presentation Plas Activities Managed Maintenance Service Value Presentation ation Responsible Person's Duties The SPRINA IR is responsible for proactively presenting service value to clients. By further refining the requirements for value presentation actions, enning organizational operations, and establishing standard models, it ensures the effective delivery vice value Traditional duty requirements 14 Establish a maintenance from respons.thie projest operation and Eng Cybersecurity Maintaining Customer Satisfaction Proactively Presenting Service Value Organize the completion of contract interpretation actions Key Customer Relationship Management Proactive Customer Visits Regular Reporting Presentation Customer Issue Analysis Platform bored Carrying Management Project Get Management Derstanding of Assurance Presenting Template for Customer Senior Management Link Operation Guide to Visit Global Spare Parts Centers Link Operation fulde Maintenance Servire Value CROP Value Presentation Project Management Renewal Operation CROP Flatform Value Management Mutule Matton Contents 15 Process Introductim to the Managed Continuously improve delivery efficiency Management Value Delivering Value Huawei Confidential #1 Overview The Platform of Maintenance Service Value Presentation Huawe Confidential al Confidential 16 Support Flatfare Maintaining Value Presentation Processes Indicator Classification to easure annis Quality Indicators Value Indicator Applying CROP Management Value Presentation Injection (Eseuns value presentat 3. De Value Presentation Execution Process Carrying 1. Frontline Evaluation of Value Presentation Equipment 2. Customer feedback customer's support el OP Carrying 1. Is there a enviste Renewal Operation Platform Support Platform for Maintaining Value Presentatsin Process Project Plambing to access the vale Has the budget been increased! Sales Carrying Capacity CRDP Customer servic Confidential Support Platform for Maintaining Value Presentation Process Activity Flaming 2.18 111 out and create tanks Click on "Renewal Operation" 2 Click "Edit" to enter the project. 3 Click on "Value Management 17Confi tation Process Execute Qery Click "Value Manage 19 Confentiali based on actual business scenarion. I Click "Add Task Confidential Support Platfore for Paintaining Value Presentation Process Premium Story Trees: Alrnady deployed on the cloud, they can be flexibly orchestrated and incomed Customers in Critical Iments Poments Trustworthy Trustworthy Continuous Investment, Imovative Practices Story free pare Parts Tour Story free (berty Land Story Tree Story Tree 9. V Value Presentation Story Tree 7 Major Fent Assurance Story Tree Expert Patent Story free Digital Innovation Strymo ts/cafe/10957921878892872 Sary of Materials for Marketing Stary Trees http://s.com/th Introduction Video/ments/dicinfo/multiple dimensions Apelle ation Layer Quantify the value in financial terms to support by poldenwave Jump um Confidential 21 Maintaining Valve Presentation Arsenal Business Case (B2B) Valve Quantification Tool 2 Solution Architecture: A three Tevers, and quantifies the commercial value of customer support services across multiple

ASUS Vivobook

11 AMView

nce. Result Presentation: Optimize the renewals Enhance efficiency Catalyzing Innovation Huawei Customer Support Services Business Assurance Enhance Brand EFAS Calcul ation Layer Data Layer CT Maintenance IT Intelligent Computing Maintenance Spare parts Management Services Reduce accidents Recovery Time Avoid The accident occurred Enhancement Maintenance Efficiency Enhancement Operational Efficiency Innovative technology protects more income Innovative technology empowers efficiency enhancement Attract New Users Avoid User churn Quantitative Scenario: Constructing Scenario-based Calculations for CT Maintenance, Spare Parts ManagementServices, and IT Intelligent Computing Maintenance. presentation of scenario-based value across four dimensions, providing two sets ofmaterials tailored for both seniorandmiddle/lower-level clients. 321 Calculation Layer CTMaintenance: Valuetevers SpareParts ManagementService: 12lesValueLevers IntelligentComputingMaintenance: ValueLevers Data Layer Frontline Input: In various scenarios, the frontline only needs to input nomore thani) simpleand easilyobtainabledatapoints. Baseline Parameters: Global 7 Regions, 20 SubregionsBaseline Application Layer Platinum Gold Silver SG SPMS MVSPMS /SPHS Total Cost of Ownership Standarde Gold Medal BC2.0 Calculation Tool Three Cloud LinksClick to jump Thank you,把数字世界带入每个人,每个家庭,每个组织,构建万物互联的智能世界, Bring digital to every person, home, and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world. Copyright@2018 Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The information in this document may contain predictive statements including, without limitation, statements regarding the future financial and operating results, future product 507.15.7 Manage Installed Base Data Process Introduction 01 Introduction to Requirement about Managing Installed Base Data Contents 2 02 Device Installed Base Data Management Process CNII 03 Device Installed Base Data Management Process 10 Huawel Confidential Huawel Confidential 3 Requirement about Managing Installed Base Data The installed base data management system must support the company's basic data requirements for inventory management, with GTS uniformly responsible for the management of inventory information. A single system will be used to manage inventory information. IRB Meeting Minutes (2009) No. 42Link As the company's inventory information management system, it is essential to establish a company level project team to manage the company's inventory information, enhance the quality and entry efficiency of Installed base data, and support the company's Inventory operations with the required foundational data, Huawei STAIT MT Minutes [2018] No. 078Link Delivery & Service: It is essential to fulfill the lifecycle terms as per the contract, accurately record and maintain the network installed base data, and promptly update critical mode information such as PCD into the IT system to ensure the accurate calculation of the service cycle start point for the delivered products and boards -2021 ICT Product and Contract Lifecycle Management OutlineLink During the project delivery phase, the delivery tras at the representative office must install the specified version and load the latest patches as required by the contract. During the network maintenance phase, the maintenance team at the representative office must proactively communicate with customers about the risks associated with high-risk vulnerabilities; In 2022, the EZE Vulnerability Business Management Regulations for ICT ProductsLink Contract lifecycle management: Accurately record and maintain waisting network installed base data. Vulnerability Management Identify the scope of patch loading and communication during engineering and maintenance phases based on Installed hase data Company data requirements: To support the basic data needs for inventory management, GTS is responsible for the management of installed base. Network installed base data Management Rules include the responsible entities, data management and approval requirements, governance and operational requirements. The representative office is the primary entity responsible for managing installed base data, ensuring its completeness, accuracy, authenticity, and timeliness. Clarify the approval mechanise for scenarios involving manual maintenance of network element deletions and warranty status adjustments. Clarify the governance and and operational standards for network installed base data. Carrier Network Installed Base Data Management Rules Lick Enterprise Installed Base Data Management Rules Link 01 Introduction to Bequirement about Managing Installed Base Data Contents 02 Device Installed Base Data Management Process CND 03 Device Installed Ruse Outa Management Process EB Huawei Confidential Carrier Network Business Device Installed Base Data Management Process Carrier Network Business Introduction Objective: to standardize the acquisition and entry of Installed base data, ensuring its completeness, accuracy, authenticity, and timeliness. Enterprise Business Overview: The process involves receiving network information such as equipment health checks, network change procedures, and project to maintenance transitions. By registering and maintaining network management records, matching and updating equipment records, and reviewing and updating warranty Information, the process ensures the complete, tisely, and accurate gmeration of Inventory data for network equipment. 5 Huawel Confidential Carrier Network Business Device Installed Base Data Management Process Carrier Network Business Introduction There are 4 basic management rules about installed big data Inventoryus fets Integrity (Completeness) Adhering to the principle of "record everything that should be recorded, all network elements data, warranty, and maintenance information should be fully registered into the 16. 2. Eccuracy Ensure that the warranty information of network elements is consistent with the terms of equipment contracts in Sales platfore, and ensure that information is consistent with maintenance service contracts in Sales platform Authenticity Ensure that activities involving the collection, entry, updating, and deletion of existing network element data, warranty, and maintenance information are conducted without falsification, concealent, on fraudule control. Timpines Forced data, including warranty, and maintenance information, must be conducted at least every 6 months. 6 tuaves Confidential Carrier Network Business Enterprice Business Device Installed Rase Data Management Process CB Registering and Maintaining Equipment Archives (1/4) Registering and Maintaining Equipment Archives Matching and updated Data Verification Registration File Data Verification: The received data Registration and Maintenance of Equipment Records Key Activities Engineering Transition Process: Betwork Information Sheet, Network Management Script 7 Data be verified, and if any errors are found, the upstream process should be requested to re collect the data. Check for updates Inventory Equipment feconds (Draft) Registration solved, new archive should be registered in the IP system. The responsible person is assigned to this archive, and it is liked to the network in 4. newly connected devices the registering of network element data into the 1895 must be completed before the project is handed over from engineering to maintenance. fur devices in the maintenance phase, a 7 should gistration of Archives: Installed base data is managed on the Check updates. If the Information registered in se ut autch the actuel che Matching and plating dress archives (2/4) Registering Activities Network management script Clint Betwork tortels must be used for Network Management System unit (15). If a new network management system unit the maintenance operation system (such as NetCareCloud). If no new 195 unit is involved, check and canfire the corresponding archive in the 185 systra details, the relevant information must be updated in 15. Huawei Confidential Carrier Network Business Enterprise Business Device Installed Base Data Management Process Ch and Maintaining Equipment Archives Matching and updating device archives Review in warranty information Update in warranty information Update equipment recorih matching Key In scenarios where long term customer authorization is ava Authorization Letter Equipment Health Check Inventory Script Attention: Script Entry Scenario Manual data entry scenario data collection. In the absence of long-term customer authorization or network management/tool collection capabilities, it is necessary to manually maintain the Inventory of network element data. & Script Dery Scaneris: networks that have network management or tool collection capabilities and are authorized by the customer within the validity period, network management or tools must be used for collection. Refer to the guldast script entry ceeding with the laport, Ramua in the IBMS system help documentation, the frontline should select the collected script files to the target archive and associate them with the Rout the Review Update Inventory storesponding tim files. 2. Confirm that the number of updated network elements matches the current installed tase data before importing. If there is a discrepancy between the re-collect the correct script proceding w dataentry scenario: updated network elements and the current installed base data, it is required to in the absence of long-tare customer authorization or the conditions for network megment and tail onllection, it is necessary to manually enter the relevant information such as the type and quantity of network elements in the system. For guidance on manual entry operations, please refer to the sanal entry operation batetime in the street documentation, Rate: For equipment in the maintenance phase, the responsible person for the equipment records must review and update the complete Inventory of network clement data at least once every stantial Carrier Network Business Device Installed Bese Data Management Process CNB Review in warranty information (3/4) Registering and Maintaining Equipment Archives Matching aanty Update in warranty Information Enterprise Business Review the in-warranty status of network elements Kay Activities Inventory (Updated) Equipment Records Network Elementary Review Marente Information Based on the updated records, review or update the network element warranty Information at Inast every & months to ensure completeness and arouracy ty Information within 30 days and provide feedback to the agency's Maintenance Service Report to be corrected in the maintenance service report. Installed base data specialist regarding the warranty that for stalled rational UTTA

Ln1. Coi 187851 201206 characters

1302 AM 4/21/2004Edit View

0000.00

10 days and provide feedback to the agency's Raintenance Service Report to be corrected in the maintenance service report, installed base data specialist regarding the warranty Information that needs Bote for detailed operational steps on querying and updating warranty and maintenance information of network elements in IBMS, please refer to the 15 system help dicument titled "IPS Narranty Status Update Operation Guide Huawe Confidential Carrier Network Business Device Installed Base Data Management Process CNB Update in warranty information (4/4) Registering and Maintaining Equipment Archives Matching and updating device archives Review in warranty Information Update in warranty information Enterprise Business Key Activities Maintenance Service Report Inventory Equipment Records (Updated) 18 Network Element Marranty Verification Exceptional Approval Inventory Equipment Recards (Final Draft) Exceptional Approval about updating the in warranty information Upon receiving the network element warranty information that requires correction, verify it with the frontline data reporter, then import the corrected data into the system to complete the refresh, fNote: Under normal circumstances, It is prohibited for frontline staff to change the status from non warranty to warranty. Exceptions will be considered on a case-by-case basis and must be approved By the AMS Director of the representative office and the Director of the Delivery and Service Business Department. Once Once approved, the system will be updated by the central data specialist. Huawei Confidential Havel Confidential 11 Device Installed Base Data Management Process CM-Process Performance Indicators NO. Indicator hame Objective of the Indicator Calculation formula Statistical Period 1 Completeness Rate of Installed Base Data Enhance the completeness rate of existing 100% archive data through traction and lifting. The completeness rate of installed base data (Number of archives with recorded equipment information in IBMS/Total number of registered archives 1 105) 100% Ronthly 2 Timeliness rate of Installed Base Data Promptlyupdatethe inventoryequipmentrecondsand networkelement information in the 195 toensure datatimelinessandaccuracy. The timeliness rate of installed base data Number of network elements refreshed during the statistical period / Total number of network elements 100% Monthly 3 Completeness Rate of Marranty Information Enhance the completeness rate of IBPS warranty data through traction and gravement Marranty Information Completeness Rate Number of Network Elements with Warranty Expiration Date/Total Number of Network Elements 100% Monthly Carrier Network Business Enterprise Business Carrier Network Business Operator installed base data Management System (105) Key Features Enterprise Business 1895 Website: https://w3.huawei.com/sd/ibes/1. Script Upload (Network Manager uploads network management script) 3. Manual entry (Manually enter ser elements through archive management) 12 2. Data Confirmation ("Script Import" "Task Management View Task Interface) 4. Marranty Status Update (Update the warranty status of network elements through the (2) report) wel Confidential Huawei Confidential 13 Case: Omissions in rectification and inspection of network elements, critical network elements not addressed in rectification The network element inventory (cperator, enterprise premier, strategis, and core A, and enterprise three layer network) should be refreshed in a timely and complete manner according to the specifications. operation process will call the installed base data to verify risk network elements. Processing Procedure Rectification Notice Issued 1. 1559860 & UDM Product 2022 Rectification Retice 2. The rectification requirement must be completed by December 11, 2022. June 2012 June 2072 Rectification, Inspection, The agency's product y's product inventory information was not updated in a timely manner. 2. The rectification and inspection did not identify the presence of this product in the current network. March 2023 The problem occurred 1 in Country C's T network have reported ed a a connection linit exceeded alarm. 2. Clear alarms after emergency recovery implementation Equipment Installed base data Managementrated as ut ali Plai nodules of the HSS in and Implementation 1. installed base data Management Process Enterprise Business Carrier Network Business Enterprise Business 01 Introduction to Requirement about Managing Installed Base Data Contents 14 02 Device Installed Base Data Management Process CH 03 Device Installed Base Data Management Process EB Huawei Confidential Carrier Business Device Inventory Data Management Process Enterprise Business Introduction Enterprise Business Objective: This process is designed to standardize the generation of reverse Installed Base data for equipment archives within the enterprise, ensuring the integrity, compliance, and accuracy of Installed Base. Overview the 1 includes forward Installed fase date and reverse Installed Base data. After the reverse Installed Base data is uploaded to 15, it generates equipment archives, this process primarily describes the activities involved in obtaining reverse reverse Installed laveta, authorization management, generating equipment archives, and integrating with the preactive maintenance process. 15 Huawei Confidential Carrier Business Device Inventory Data Management Process Verify authorization of Inspection Dackage (1/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device SN Iist Apply for the authorization from the customer Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Enterprise Business Key Activities Equipment Health Check Process: Reverse Equipment Archives Data (Inspection Package), Customer Network Data Authorization Attention: Create Inspection Analysis Project Associate wilt Betwork vily the authorization of the inspection package Inspection Package Authorizati on Verification Inspection Package Data Authorization Verification Result 1. In the enterprise network inspection module ackage data to confirm the authorizer, Inspection analysis project. 2. When creating, you need to fill in the specific customer name and associate it with the network, 3. Perfore authorization verification on the collected inspection package data Inspection dhether the data can been transmitted out of the customer's network, and the authorized country of use. 4. The authorization verification rewits for the collected inspection pac Categories, satisfied and non-satisfied, before collecting data, it is essential to ubtain customer authorization, which de esther long term authoricele Categories Die Inventory Data Management. Process EB Apply for the authorization from the customer (2/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device his l Enterprises the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Key Activities Update equipment records matching 1. When the authorization verification of the collected inspection package data Inspection package data authorization verification result: Dues not meet requirements 17 Request for Authoriza tion Letter from Custumer Apply through the authorisation contr customer, and Ri should be redirected to 818 to re-verify the customer authorization letter Custom module of the nettare system, create an appir Filing does not meet the requirements, it Authorization Form 2. You can say for applying for long t is necessary to reacquire a compliant customer authorization letter from the customer, and when applying for the authorization letter, special attention should be paid to the following aspects the authorizer, the an authorization letter for reverse Installed Base data collection from customers through elight nitted out of the customer's network, the start and end time of the authorization, and the country where the authorization is to be used. Rute Priority should be giv counter collecting reverse Installed base date, and the record is only valled the thee The whether the data to file a recor data is transmitted out a (more than & months) for customer types. 3. When customer authorization cannot be obtained, it is necessary to frontline archive responsibile person initiates the fi Management Process 1B Verily the authorization of Device SB 11st (3/5) Verity authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Enterprise Business Key Activities Equipment Health Check Process: Reverse Equipment Archive Data (fquipment S List), the filing application to the rep office and regional department via email, and the filing is completed after approval. Huawei Confidential Carrier Busin of Device SH list for the authorization from the customer Detain the authorization archive medule of the elles system, enter the specific customer Jata konfirm divided into list Associate whit Network Authorization of Equipment Sh List 1. In the equipment archive collected devite SH S List List Authorization Verification Equipment St List Data Authorization Verification Result the collected device SR list Equipment S List), Customer Network Data Authorization 19 recens Device tock 2. Fecture authorization verification the and associate categories: satisfied and satisfied Confidential Carejo Frontline (4/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device List Amly for the author front line Key Activities Equipment Sh List Data Authorization Verification Result Does apply: Filing network, and the authorized country of use 1. The authorization verification results Business Device Inventory Data Mariagement Process EB Obtain the authorization letter from customer. Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Ontain authorization from the front center Chalile Huawei Confidential Request for Authorization Letter from Customer Apply through the authorizat device SA list date does not meet the requirements, the Inventory data specialist must obtain a compliant customer authorization authorization letter. 2. The device archive one can apply through fight for an authorization letter for reverse Installed Base collection. The application for the author uthorized party, whether the data is transmitted out of the customer's network, the start and end time of authorizing party, the authorized party, toration free the 19 tomerNetwork Data Form Authorization I. When the authoriation vette the frontline device archive owner, then 12 will redirect to to rely the con Lication for the authortiation letter requires special attention to the following t oration and the country of authorized ose. Bote: Priority should be ghen torn WICBL) 10%

Le Cal 19000 201212 charters

ASLIS ADvcbook

1100 AMView

IP address.txt

oooo.txt

ITR Manage Techi

ITR Manage Tech

ITR Manage Teche

1. Manage Networ

507.151 Manage

507.15.1 Manage

+

File Edit

Plai modules of the HSS in Country C's I network have reported a connection limit exceeded alarm, 2. Clear alarms after emergency recovery implementation Equipment installed base data Management Process Carrier Services Equipment Key Activities Equipment Health Check Process: Reverse Equipment Archives Data (Inspection Package), Customer Network Data Authorization Attention: Create Ins A Installed base data Management Process Enterprise Business Carrier Network Business Enterprise Business 01 Introduction to Requirement about Managing Installed Base Data Contents 14 02 Device Installed Base Data Management Process CND 03 Device Installed Base Data Management Process EB Huawei Confidential Carrier Business Device Inventory Data Management Process Enterprise Business Introduction Enterprise Business Objective. This process is designed to standardize the generation of reverse Installed Base data for equipment archives within the enterprise, ensuring the integrity, compliance, and accuracy of Installed Base. Overvine: The als includes forward Installed Rase data and reverse Installed Base data. After the reverse Installed Base data is uploaded to elMs, it generates equipment archives. This process primarily describes the activities involved in obtaining reverse reverte Installed fase data, authorization management, generating equipment archives, and integrating with the proactive maintenance process. 15 Huawei Confidential Carrier Business Device Inventory Data Management Process 18-Verify authorization of Inspection package (1/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device Sh list Apply for the authorization from the customer Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Enterprise Business Key authorization of the inspection package Inspection Package Authorizati on Verification Inspection Package Data Authorization Verification Result 1. In the enterprise network Impection module of the netfare rystes, create an Inspection analysis project. 2. When creating, you need to fill in the specific customer name and associate it with the network, 3. Perform authorization verification on the collected inspection package data to confire the authorizer, Inspection Analysis Project Associate white Verify the the authorized party, whether the data can been transmitted out of the customer's network, and the authorized country of use. 4, the authorization verification results for the collected inspection package data are divided into twe categories: satisfied and non-satisfied. Before collecting data, it is Enterprise Business Device Inventory Data Management Process EB Apply for the authorization from the customer (2/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device SM List Apply for the authorization is essential to obtain customer authorization, which can include either long-term authorization or single use authorization. 16 Confidential Carrier Business from the customer Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Key Activities Update equipment records matching 1. when the authorization verification of the collected inspection package data Inspection package data authorization verification result: Does not meet requirements 17 Request for Authoriza tion Letter from Customer Apply through the authorizat lion center Unable to apply: Filing does not meet the requirements, it is necessary to reacquire a compliant customer authorization letter from the customer, and Ri should be redirected to all to re-verify the customer authorization letter. Customer Network Data Authorization form 2. You can aaly for an authorization letter for reverse Installed Base data collection from customers through elight, when applying for the authorization letter, special attention should be paid to the following aspects: the authorizer, the authorssee, whether the data is transmitted out of the customer's network, the start and end time of the authorization, and the country where the authorization is to be used, lote: Priority should be given to applying for long tare authorization (more than 6 months) for customer types. 3. When customer authorization cannot be obtained, it is necessary to file a record for not collecting reverse Installed Base data, and the record is only valid for the frontline archive responsible person initiates the filing application to the rep office and regional department via email, and the filing is completed after approval Huawe valid for the current parts: The Management Process EB Verify the authorization of Device SN list (3/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device SN List Apply for the authorization from the customer Obtain the authorization Huawei Confidential Carrier Business Device Inventory Data letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Enterprise Business Key Activities Equipment Health Check Process: Reverse Equipment Archive Data (Equipment SN List), Customer Network Data Authorization 18 receives Device list Associate whit Network Authorization of Equipment S8 List 1. In the equipment pment archive module of the ellMS system, enter the specific customer name and associate it with the network. 2. Perfone authorization ver collected device SH List Authorizati on Verification Equipment SN List Data Authorization Verification Result SN list data to confirm the authorizer, the authorized party, whether the data has been tramitted out of the customer's network, and the authorized country of use. 3. The authorization verification results for the collected device SM List are divided inte verification cation the into two categories: satisfied and non satisfied. Humel Confidential Carrier Business Enterprise Business Device Inventory Data Management Process EB Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline (4/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device S8 List Apply for the authorization from the customer Obtain the authorization letter from the frontline Generating Device Archives Obtain authorization from the front Line Key Activities Equipment Sh. List Data Authorization Verification Result: Does Not Meet Rogsiree19 Huawei Confidential Request for Authorization Letter from Customer Apply through the authorizat lon center inable to apply filing Customer Network Data Form Authorization 1. When the authorization erification of the millette device SN list data dors not meet the requirements, the inventory data specialist must obtain a compliant customer authorization letter from the frontline device archive owner, and then I will redirect to 40 to re-verify the customer authorization letter. 2. The device archive owner can apply through elight for an authorization letter for reverse Installed Base collection. The application for the authorization letter repires special attention to the following: the authorizing party, the authorized party, whether the the data is trans is transmitted out of the customer's resork, the start and end time of the authorization, and the country of authorlind use Note: Priority should be given to applying for long-term authorization (more than & months) for customer types. 3. When customer authorization cannot be obtained, it is necessary to file a record for not collecting reverse Installed Base date and the record is only walld for the current year. Note: The frontline archive responsible person initiates the filing application to the top office and regional dette tiling is completed after approval Carriers απ Business Devi Inntiry Date Management Process IB Generating Device Archives (5/5) Verify authorization of Inspection package Verify the authorization of Device SH list Apply for the authorization from the customer Cntals the acthorization letter from the Frontline Generating Device Archives Enterprise Business Key Device Archives Generated Device Archives 1. Under normal circumstances) The equipment profile will be automatically generated upon successful upload of the Inspection package and destie W list. 2. Situation If the network associated with the Inspection package and the equipment SN list is different from the network previously associated, the Inventory data specialist needs to contact the relevant network maintenance 10 formation and handling Huawel Confidential Huawei Confidential 21 Device Inventory Data Management Process E-Process Performance Indicators NO. Indicator Name Objective of the Indicator Calculation formola Statistical Period 1 Desice Archive fotogrits Rate Collect more device Inventory data from customers From customer's network Device Archive Integrity Rate Number of is collected Number of its in the customer's positive Inventory 10 Punthly 2 Device Archive Refresh the deviceinventory in ells, ensuring data timeliness and accuracy Equipment Archive Refresh Rate Number of Ms Refreshed During the Statistical Period / Total amber of 100% thlyvice Archtse Coverage Rate and De frontline in completing the collection of network device inventory, Device Archive Coverage Rate (Mister of Networks with Recorded OrviceArchive (Total tout Collected 100 Monthly Carrier Business Enterprise Business Carrier Business Enterprise Installed Bese Management System (ellets) Key Features Enterprise Business Mehsite: https://eplus.com/// 1. Salecting Customers and tes (Creates inspection project selects customer and network) 1. Upioned data (Upload the data packets collected during the Inspection) 22 J. Authorization Verification Select Authorization Selt the walld attrition of the Customer 4. Generate Equipment File Generate device information and synchronize Business Key Activities Inspection document or device SN list, authorized verification passed 20 The system automatic ally gemerates Device Archies Registration and of and synchronize it to IPS automatically. Confidential Confidential 2) Case The decommissioned MS were not promptly cleared, affecting and enterprise three layer network) should be refreshed in management and EOS risk clearance The device archives (operator, enterprise premier, strategir, and core M, and operation process will call the Installed Save data to verify the risk Bts. Processing Procedure Current Network Inspection Collection 1. Maintain To collect Date Communication24 Construction 1. Maintain To refreshes the devise archives this network, which include its collected in July 2013. 2. The lined Nesuere not cleaned up from Device Archive, he 25th the price. The identified by the online network Inspection is less than than theater the of 10% sine, which affects Inventory management and 10% risk clearance, Equipment Inventory Bata Rape Prostory Management Process Enterprise Business Carrier Business Enterprise Business Thank you

X
